Certificado de Conclusão

Identificação de envelope: 61ECD60FFA764118BE1A0533247C032E
Assunto: DocuSign: Requerimento 820 última versão 21 06.docx

Envelope fonte:
Documentar páginas: 15

Certificar páginas: 5

Assinatura guiada: Ativado

Selo com Envelopeld (ID do envelope): Ativado
Fuso horário: (UTC-03:00) Brasília

Rastreamento de registros

Status: Original
21/06/2021 22:34:25

Eventos do signatário
MARCIO CASTANHA
marcio.castanhaQapsen.com.br

Diretor de Marketing e Vendas
APSEN FARMACEUTICA S/A

Nível de segurança: E-mail, Autenticação da conta
(Nenhuma), Certificado Digital

Detalhes do provedor de assinatura:
Tipo de assinatura: ICP Smart Card
Emissor da assinatura: AC Certisign RFB G5

Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico:
Não disponível através da DocuSign

Eventos do signatário presencial
Eventos de enirega do editor
Evento de entrega do agente

Eventos de entrega intermediários

 

Eventos de enirega certificados

Eventos de cópia

JURIDICO
juridicoDapsen.com.br

Nível de segurança: E-mail, Autenticação da conta
(Nenhuma)

Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico:
Aceito: 13/05/2021 11:1 3
ID: 35464243-3109-4 1cc-9e97-cl5daBd65f6s

 

Eventos com testemunhas
Eventos do tabelião

Eventos de resumo do envelope

Envelope enviado
Entrega certificada
Assinatura concluída
Concluído

Assinaturas: 1
Rubrica: O

Portador: Henrique Vicente Duran Guedes
henrique.guedesapsen.com.br

Assinatura

DocuSigned by

MARIO CASTANHA

Adoção de assinatura: Estilo pré-selecionado
Usando endereço IP: 186.204.70.112

Assinatura
Status
Status
Status
Status

Status
Copiado

Assinatura
Assinatura

Status

Com hashicriptografado
Segurança verificada
Segurança verificada
Segurança verificada

DocuSign

Status: Concluído

Remetente do envelope:
Henrique Vicente Duran Guedes
Rua La Paz 37/67

SP, 04755-020
henrique.guedesapsen.com.br
Endereço IP: 200.178.8.194

Local: DocuSign

Registro de hora e data

Enviado: 21/06/2021 22:35:54
Visualizado: 21/06/2021 22:38:48
Assinado: 21/06/2021 22:39:33

Registro de hora e data
Registro de hora e data
Registro de hora e data
Registro de hora e data
Registro de hora e data

Registro de hora e data
Enviado: 21/06/2021 22:39:34

Registro de hora e data
Registro de hora e data

Carimbo de data/hora
21/06/2021 22:
21/06/2021 22:38:48
21/06/2021 22:39:33
21/06/2021 22:

 

 
Eventos de pagamento Status Carimbo de data/hora

Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico
Termos de Assinatura e Registro Eletrônico criado em: U9/12/2019 14:28:28
Partes concordam em: JURIDICO

ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE

From time to time, APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A (we, us or Company) may be required by
law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and
conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through the DocuSign
system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this
information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature
Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to “T agree to
use electronic records and signatures” before clicking *CONTINUE" within the DocuSign
system.

Getting paper copies

Atany time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the
procedure described below.

Withdrawing your consent

If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures
electronically is described below.

Consequences of changing your mind

If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format,
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to

receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents
from us.

Al notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically
Unless you tell us otherwise mn accordance with the procedures described herem, we will provide
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures,
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures
electronically from us.

How to contact APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A:

You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically,
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows:

To contact us by email send messages to: luis.costa O apsen.com.br

To advise APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A of your new email address

To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at luis.costa Wapsen.com.br and in
the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email

address. We do not require any other information ftom you to change your email address.

If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your
account preferences.

To request paper copies from APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A

To request delivery ftom us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to luis.costa O apsen.com.br and in the
body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any.

To withdraw your consent with APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A

To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic
format you may:
1. declme to sign a document from within your signmg session, and on the subsequent page,
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may;

li. send us an email to luis.costaQ apsen.com.br and in the body of such request you must state
your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any other
information from you to withdraw consent.. The consequences of your withdrawing consent for
online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process..

Required hardware and software

The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-

signing-system-requirements.

 

Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically

To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further,
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described
herein, then select the check-box next to “I agree to use electronic records and signatures” before
clicking “CONTINUE” within the DocuSign system.

By selecting the check-box next to “I agree to use electronic records and signatures”, you confirm
that:

* You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and

* Youcan print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future
reference and access; and

e Until or unless you notify APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A as described above, you
consent to receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures,
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided
or made available to you by APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A during the course of your
relationship with APSEN FARMACÊUTICA S/A.
