The Lancet Commissions

 

Public policy and health in the Trump era

Steffie Woolhandler”, David U Himmelstein*, Sameer Ahmed, Zinzi Bailey, Mary T Bassett, Michael Bird, Jacob Bor, David Bor, Olveen Carrasquillo,
Merlin Chowkwanyun, SamvelL Dickman, Samantha Fisher, Adam Gaffney, Sandro Galea, Richard N Gottfried, Kevin Grumbach, Gordon Guyatt,
Helena Hansen, Philip) Landrigan, Michael Lightyt, Martin Mckee, Danny McCormick, Alecia McGregor, Reza Mirza, Juliana E Morri,

Joia S Mukherjee, Marion Nestle, Linda Prine, Altaf Saad, Davida Schiff, Martin Shapiro, Lello Tesema, Atheendar Venkataramani

Executive summary

This report by the Lancet Commission on Public Policy
and Health in the Trump Era assesses the repercussions
of President Donald Trump's health-related policies and
examines the failures and social schisms that enabled his
election. Trump exploited low and middle-income white
people's anger over their deteriorating life prospects to
mobilise racial animus and xenophobia and enlist their
support for policies that benefit high-income people
and corporations and threaten health. His signature
legislative achievement, a trillion-dollar tax cut for
corporations and high-income individuals, opened a
budget hole that he used to justify cutting food subsidies
and health care. His appeals to racism, nativism, and
religious bigotry have emboldened white nationalists and
vigilantes, and encouraged police violence and, at the
end of his term in office, insurrection. He chose judges
for US courts who are dismissive of affirmative action
and reproductive, labour, civil, and voting rights;
ordered the mass detention of immigrants in hazardous
conditions; and promulgated regulations that reduce
access to abortion and contraception in the USA and
globally. Although his effort to repeal the Affordable Care
Act failed, he weakened its coverage and increased the
number of uninsured people by 2-3 million, even before
the mass dislocation of the COVID-19 pandemic, and
has accelerated the privatisation of government health
programmes. Trump's hostility to environmental regula-
tions has already worsened pollution—resulting in more
than 22000 extra deaths in 2019 alone —hastened global
warming, and despoiled national monuments and lands
sacred to Native people. Disdain for science and cuts to
global health programmes and public health agencies
have impeded the response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
causing tens of thousands of unnecessary deaths, and
imperil advances against HIV and other diseases. And
Trump's bellicose trade, defence, and foreign policies
have led to economic disruption and threaten an upswing
in armed conflict.

Although Trump's actions were singularly damaging,
many of them represent an aggressive acceleration of
neoliberal policies that date back 40 years. These policies
reversed New Deal and civil rights-era advances in
economic and racial equality. Subsequentiy, inequality
widened, with many people in the USA being denied the
benefits of economic growth. US life expectancy, which
was similar to other high-income nations' in 1980, trailed
the G7 average by 3-4 years in 2018 (equivalent to
461000 excess US deaths in that year alone). The so-called
war on drugs initiated by President Richard Nixon

wwwthelancet com Vol397 February 20,2021

widened racial inequities and led to the mass incarceration
of Black, Latinx, and Indigenous people. Overdose deaths
soared, spurred by drug firms profit-driven promotion
of opioids and the spread of despair in long-afflicted
communities of colour and among working-class white
people. Market-oriented health policies shifted medical
resources toward highincome people, burdened the
middle class with unaffordable out-ofpocket costs and
deployed public money to stimulate the corporate takeover
of vital health resources.

The Commission applauds President Joe Biden and
Vice President Kamala Harris for rejoining WHO and the
Paris Climate Agreement, and for other steps they have
taken to rescind some of President Trump's health-
harming executive actions. But the new administration
and Congress must go beyond simply repairing Trump's
damage. They must initiate thoroughgoing reforms to
reverse widening economic inequality and the neoliberal
policy drift that pre-dated Trump, and redress long-
standing racism—root problems that harm health and
have fomented threats to US democracy. Additionally,
forceful action is needed to forestall environmental
disaster and strengthen public health infrastructure.

Reducing economic inequality will require raising taxes
on the wealthy and using the proceeds to strengthen
social, education, nutrition, and health programmes.
Those programmes should avoid segregating the poor,
and instead encompass all people in the USA to bolster
the solidarity that is key to securing broad and continuing
popular support. Government should stop funnelling
expenditures through private firms whose profit-seeking
boosts costs and distorts priorities. Hence, a single payer
health-care reform offers the fairest, most effective, and
most efficient route to universal health coverage.

Censure of Trump's virulent brand of racism is
imperative but insufficient. US leaders must embrace
emphatically anti-racist politics and programmes to
dismantle the centuries-old structures that reproduce
racial inequity in health and all other spheres. Ending
mass incarceration and reforming the execrable policing
and criminal justice systems that oppress communities
of colour and fill prisons are essential for racial justice.
Additional steps must include vigorous enforcement
of voting and civil rights; large new investments in
educational equity, the Indian Health Service, and
minority-serving health and educational institutions; and
compensation for wealth denied to and confiscated from
communities of colour in the past.

Finally, the president and the Congress must mobilise
massive resources to avert climate catastrophe, address

0% A

Cones

Lancet 2021;397: 705-53
Published Online
February 11, 2021
httpsyfdoiorg/10:1016/
50140-6736(20)32545-9
See Editorial page 641
See Comment page 647
“Co-chair

1MLighth retired fromNational
Nurses United in August, 2019.

Schoolof Urban Public Health,
City University of New Yorkat
HunterCollege, New York, NY,
USA (Prof SWoolhander MD,
Prof DU Himmelstein MD);
Cambridge Health Alliance,
(Prof SWoolhandier,

Prof DU Himmelstein,

Prof DBor MD, A Gafíney MD,
DMcCormick MD), Harvard
MedicalSchool

(Prof Swoolhandier,

Prof DU Himmelstein, ProfD Bos
A Gafney, D MeCormick,

J EMorris MD, JS Mukherjee MD,
A Saad MD, D'Schff MD),
Harvard Immigration and
Refugee Clinical Program,
Harvard Law School

(S Ahmed JD) and Francois-
Xavier Bagnoud Center for
Healthand Human Rights

(Prof MT Bassett MD), Harvard
University, Boston, MA, USA;
Medical Oncology Division
Division of
General Internal Medicine

(Prof O Carrasquillo MD),
University of Miami Miler
Schoolof Medicine, Miami, FL,
USA; Kewa Pueblo, NM, USA

(M Bird MPH); School of Public
Health, Boston University,
Boston, MA, USA() BorScD,
Prof SGalea MD); Mailman
Schoolof PublicHealth,
Columbia University, New York,
NY, USA (MChowkwanyun PhD);
PlannedParenthood
SouthTexas, San Antonio, TX,
USA(SLDickman MD); Program
for Global Public Health and the
CommonGood, Bostoncollege,
Chestnut Hi, MA, USA.

(SFisher MPH,

Prof P Landrigan MD); National
Nurses United, Oakland, CA,
USA (M Lightly MA); Committee
on Health, New York State
Assembly, Albany, NY, USA

 

705
The Lancet Commissions

 

Key messages

During histime in office President Trump:

* Politicised and repudiated science, leaving the USA unprepared and exposedto the
COVID-19 pandemic

* Eviscerated environmental regulation, hastening global warming

* Incited racial, nativist, and religious hatred, provoking vigilante and police violence

«Denied refuge to migrants fleeing violence and oppression, and abused immigrant
detainees

+ Undermined health coverage

+ Weakened food assistance programmes

* Curtailed reproductive rights

+ Undermined global cooperation for health, andtriggered trade wars

« -Shifted resources from social programmes to military spending and tax windfalls for
corporations andthe wealthy

* Subverted democracy both nationally and internationally

Although the Trump administration policies posed a uniquely urgent threat to health,

damaging neoliberal policies predated and abetted his ascendance:

« Lifeexpectançy in the USA has lagged behind other wealthy nations since 1980 and
began falling in 2014

« Thechronically high mortality of Native Americans started rising in 1999, while
yawning disparities between Black and white people persisted and progress on racial
equityin other domains (eg, education, housing, income and policing) halted or
reversed

« Substance abuse deaths greatly increased

« Income and wealth inequality widened

+. Incarceration increased four-fold, initiated by President Nixon's racially motivated war
on drugs and compounded by harsh laws enacted under Presidents Reagan and Clinton

* NWelfare eligibility restrictions implemented by President Clinton removed benefits
from millions

* Deindustrialisation spurred by trade agreements that favoured corporate interests
over labour protections reduced economic opportunity in many regions ofthe USA,
damaging health and increasing receptivity to racist and xenophobic appeals

* Market-based reforms commercialised and bureaucratised medical care, raised costs,
and shifted caretoward high-income US residents

+ Despitethe Affordable Care Act, nearly 30 million people in the USA remained
uninsured and many more were covered but still unable to afford care

« Funding cuts reduced the front-line public health workforce by 20%

The Biden administration must cancel Trump's actions and also address the health-
damaging structural problems that were present before Trump's presidency:

* Raisetaxeson high-income people and use the proceedsto bolster social, educational,

and health programmes, and address urgent environmental problems

* Mobilise againstthe structural racism and police violence that shortenthe lives of
people of colour

* Replacemeans-tested programmes such as Medicaid that segregate low-income
people, with unified programmes such as national health insurance that serve all
US residents, aligning the interests ofthe middle dass and the poor in maintaining
excellence

« Reclaimthe US Government's role in delivering health and social services, and stop
channeling public funds through private firms whose profit-seeking skews priorities

* Redirect public investments from militarism, corporate subsidies, and distorted
medical priorities to domestic and global faimess, environmental protection,
and neglected public health and social interventions

« Reinvigorate US democracy by reforming campaign financing, reinforcing voting,
immigration, and labour rights, and restoring oversight of presidential prerogatives

706

the calamities caused by COVID-19, and attenuate global
inequality. The 3-4% of GDP the USA currently spends
on troops and armaments should be reduced to the
1-4% average of other G-7 nations, with the savings
redeployed to adáress urgent health, social, and environ-
mental problems at home; reinvigorate the scientific
efforts that are vital to global progress; and fund the four-
times increase in foreign aid needed to reach the level
recommended by the UN.

COVID-19's facile breach of national boundaries is a
reminder of the vulnerability of even the most powerful
nations in an interconnected world, and the folly of
contempt for science, facts, and equity. In years past, the
USA deployed its economic power and scientific prowess
in important, although imperfect, efforts to advance global
health. It must rejoin the global community in a spirit of
collaboration, rejecting the notion that others must fail in
order for the USA to succeed.

Introduction

President Trump's time in office brought misfortune to
the USA and the planet. In 2020 alone he expedited
the spread of COVID-19 in the USA, deserted the
WHO when the world needed it most, and responded
to largely peaceful protests against racist policing by
inflaming hatred and unleashing military force and
vigilante violence that he subsequently mobilised for
insurrection.

Trump's appalling response to 2020's crises culminated
a presidential term suffused with health-damaging
policies and pronouncements. The Lancet Commission
on Public Policy and Health in the Trump Era, launched
in April, 2017, soon after Trump's inauguration, was
tasked with chronicling repercussions of the admin-
istration's actions and charting policies for a healthy
future (panel 1)? We did not know then what the
consequences of President Trump's era would be.

In publishing our Commission report after President
Biden's inauguration, we have three objectives. First, to
catalogue, albeitincompletely, the Trump administration's
health-related policies and actions. Second, to reckon
with the social, economic, and political failings that
preceded and enabled the election of President Trump.
Finally, to inform and suggest new policy directions in
health-related domains for the incoming administration
and Congress. Our recommendations are intended not
just to reverse Trump's injurious actions but to recognise
a generational failure to implement the measures needed
for a healthy population.

Accelerating the decline of health in the USA

Atthe time of Trump's inauguration in January, 2017, the
health of the US population was already on a downward
trajectory. Average life expectancy in the US had declined
from 78-9 years to 78.7 years between 2014 and 2018, a
period that included the first 3-year decline in longevity
since World War 1 and the 1918 flu pandemic. Progress

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

Panel1: Description of the Commission

The Lancet Commission on Public Policy and Health in the
Trump Era was formed following the publication of the
Lancet Series on US health and health care. The Commission
was comprised of 33 Commissioners from the US, the UK,
and Canada working in medical, public health and law
schools, universities, Indigenous communities, clinical
settings, public health agencies, unions, and legislative
bodies. 12 commission members self-identified as people of
colour (one declinedto self-identify) and 13 as women.

The Commissioners' disciplines and expertise included clinical
medicine, public health, epidemiology, medical care policy,
community medicine, economics, nutrition, law, and politics.

The Commission aimsto:

* Identify major health-related policy actions in the
Trump era (2017-20), and evaluate emerging dataon
their effects

* Delineate long-term deficiencies in US politics, social
policies, and population health that enabled the
emergence of a populist, anti-democratic leader who
marshalled racism, sexism, and xenophobia

* Explorethe health effects of neoliberal policies that have
favoured public-sector austerity, privatisation of health
services, and subsidies to corporations

* Recommend to the next US administration alternative
and more salutar policies.

The Commission held an initial meeting in Atlanta, GA, USA,
on Nov5, 2017, to identify priority policy areas, develop a
work plan, and allocate responsibilities for sections of the
Commission. Commissioners distributed and discussed
preliminary section outlines and modelling results.
electronically and at two subsequent Commission meetings
at Boston University (Boston, MA, USA) on May 7, 2018,
and Roosevelt House, Hunter College, City University of
New'York (New York, NY, USA) on Feb 9, 2019.

The Commission used data from original analyses, published
studies, legal documents, news reports, and government.
websites.

on health stalled amid the longest-running economic
expansion (between June, 2009, and March, 2020) in
US history an almost unprecedented decoupling of
population health from GDP growth. The COVID-9
pandemic has further compromised longevity.

The lag in life expectancy since 2014 has resulted
from past societal problems. Death rates, which fell
rapidly through the 1960s and 1970s, started plateauing
around 1980, a trend unique to the USA (figure 1)!

Throughout history, stagnating longevity has signalled
grave societal problems, as has occurred in England
since 2010º and in the years leading to the collapse of
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.' For much of
US history, income and wealth were distributed more
equally than in most of Europe” However, since

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

 

       
      
 
   

84) — Japan
— tahy
— France
— Canada
— uk
80) — Germany
q [eua
im
É
5
n
68
1960 1970 1980 isso 2000 2010 2020
Year

 

 

 

Figure 1: Life expectancy at birth in the USA and other 67 countries
(1960-2018)

the 1980s, the disparity between social and economic
classes has widened as high-paid manufacturing jobs
disappeared after trade liberalisation, unions were stifled,
and tax and social policies increasingly favoured the
wealthy. Despite a booming stock market and low
unemployment, many people living in the USA were
forced into precarious jobs that offered low pay and
insufficient benefits. This widening income inequality
has, widened inequalities in health.

Impoverishment has political and health consequences.
As British economist John Maynard Keynes noted
(cautioning against imposing World War 1 reparation
payments on the German populace): “men will not always
die quietly..in their distress [they] may overtum the
remnants of organisation, and submerge civiliza-
tion itself”* In the US context, presidential candidate
Donald Trump stirred up the underlying racial animus of
US society to deflect attention from policies that abet
billionaires' accretion of wealth and power. His racist, anti-
immigrant, and nationalist appeals found resonance in
some middle-income and low-income white communities
seeking scapegoats for their declining life prospects, even
as they retained some privileges denied to people of colour.

Although Trump's ascent to the presidency was
propelled by racism, nativism, and fear of privation, his
policies constituted an intensified attack on the health
and wellbeing of people in the USA and elsewhere. His
signature legislative achievement, a trillion-dollar tax
cut for the wealthy, opened a budget hole that served as
justification for cuts to food and housing subsidies that
prevent malnutrition and homelessness for millions
of people in the USA; the number of homeless school-
children increased by 150000 in the first year of
Trump's presidency.º

Trump's mismanagement of the COVID-19 pandemic—
compounded by his efforis to dismantle he USAS
already weakened public health infrastructure and the

(RN Gottfried JD) Department
of Family and Community
Medicine, University of
Califomia, San Francisco, CA,
USA (Profk Grumbach MD);
Departmentof Health Research
Methods, Evidence & Impact
and Departmentof Medicine,
McMaster University, Hamilton,
ON, Canada (Prof G Guyatt MD);
RescarchThemeinTranslational
SocialScienceand Health
Equity David Geffen School of
Medicine, University of
Califomia, Los Angeles, CA, USA
(Prof H Hansen MD);
Departmentof Nutritionand
Food Studies, New York
University, New York, NY, USA
(Prof M Nestle PhD);
Departmentof HealthServices
Rescarchã Policy, London
School of Hygiene& Tropical
Medicine, London, UK

(Prof MMickee MD); Department
of Community Health, Tufts.
University, Medford, MA, USA
(A McGregor PhD); Department
of Medicine, University of
Toronto Toronto, ON, Canada
(RMirza MD); Departmentof
Medicineand Departmentof
Pesdiatres (JE Morris) and
Departmentof Neurology

(A Saad, Massachusetts
General Hospital, Boston, MA,
USA; Partners in Health,
Boston, MA, USA

(1S Mukherjee); Department of
Medicine, Brighamand
Women's Hospital, Boston, MA,
USA) SMukherjee);
Departmentof Family and
Community Medicine,

Mount Sinai School of
Medicine, New York, NY, USA
(Prof LPrine MD); Divisionof
General Academic Pediatrics,
MassGeneral Hospital for
Children, Boston, MA, USA
(DSchiff MD); Departmentof
Medicine, Weill Cornell Medical
College, New York, NY, USA.
(Prof MShapiro MD);
Departmentof Public Health,
Los Angeles County,

Los Angeles, CA, USA

(LTeserma MD); and Department
of Medical Ethics and Health
Policy, Perelman School of
Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA,
USA (A Venkataramani MD)

 

Correspondenceto:
Prof David U Himmestein,
School of Urban PublicHealth,
City University of Newvorkat
Hunter College, New York,

NY 10035, USA
dhimmelsOhuntercuny.edu

707
The Lancet Commissions

 

For the Lancet Series on
US health see httpssyfurorw

thelancetcomseries/america-

708

equity-equalityin-health

Panel 2: COVID-19 inthe USA: chronically underfunded public health, inadequate disaster preparedness, and uncoordinated

response

Pre-existing problems help to explain the slow and disjointed

responseto the COVID-19 pandemic by the US Government:

«Between 2002 and 2019, the share of US health spending
devoted to public health fell from 3:21%to 2-45%*
(approximately half the share of spending in Canadaor
the UK). Meanwhile, funding of the Public Health Emergency
Preparedness programme (the main source of federal
support for state and local public health emergency capacity)
fellbyone-third.? Asa consequence of funding shortfalls,
state and local public health agencies lost 50000 positions,
a 20% decrease in the front-line workforce for fighting
epidemics:

* Since 2003, the resources, independence, and scientific
authority ofthe Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC) have been progressively compromised, initiallyby the
introduction of a corporate model“ and the departure of
experienced agency scientists and, during the past decade,
by a 10% budget decrease (inflation-adjusted).º A hiring
freeze in 2017 left hundreds of CDC positions for researchers
andofficials vacant. In 2018, the Trump administration
transferredthe already partially depleted Strategic National
Stockpile of drugs and medical supplies from the CDC to the
Office of an Assistant Secretary in the Department of Health
and Human Services.”

+ The public health emergency-response capacity of other
federal agencies has also been eroded. In 2018 the White
House eliminated the National Security Council Directorate
forGlobal Health Security and Biodefense, which had been
createdin 2014to coordinate responses to Ebola virus and
other global disasters. Moreover, nearly half of all scientific
leadership positions in federal agencies were vacant by 2019:º

« Accessto medical care, never fully adequate in the USA,
contracted further during the Trump administration.

One million health-care workers and many immigrant
workers at high risk of coronavirus exposure were
uninsured atthe beginning ofthe COVID-19 pandemic in
February, 2020:º

*In2017the Trump administration halted the nearly
completed effort by the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration to develop airbome infection control
standards for workplaces to be issued in October 2017:

Affordable Care Acts (ACA) coverage expansions—has
caused tens of thousands of unnecessary deaths. His
elimination of the National Security Council's global
health security team, and a 2017 hiring freeze that left
almost 700 positions at the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention (CDC) unfilled, compromised prepared-
ness (panel 2): The number of people without health
insurance had increased by 2-3 million during Trump's
presidency, even before pandemic-driven losses of
employment-based coverage increased the number of
uninsured people by millions.”

These problems have been exacerbated by the COVID-19

pandemic because:

«Inadequately coordinated federal leadership resulted in
delayed or inconsistent guidelines for state and local
action.

* Relianceon market forcesto supply equipment for
preventing and treating COVID-19 left states and hospitals
to compete with one another, and sometimes with the
federal government itself, to buy personal protective
equipment and ventilators.

*. TheTrump administration rejected WHO testing kits while
waiting for US teststo be produced, which impeded
testing. Other bottlenecks (eg, insufficient capacityto
administer and analyse diagnostic tests) further slowed the
response.

* Public health authorities were discredited by senior
administration officials, which led to disregard for scientific
expertise, misleading public communication, official
(ie, President Trump and the US Food and Drug
Administration) endorsement of therapies without
evidence of efficacy, promotion ofunproven theories about
COMID-19, and President Trump's refusal to wear a mask,
practise physical distancing, or avoid mass meetings.

* Inanunprecedented expression of distrust, many states did
notfollow CDC's recommendations and instead joined
multi-state coalitions to make policy for reopening the
economy and schools.

«Many people lost their health coverage because of
pandemic-related job losses.

These problems, and the structural inequities described
elsewhere in this Commission report, have caused COVID-19's
tollof death and misery to fall most heavily on people of colour,
workers in low-paid jobs where physical distancing is.
challenging, people who are incarcerated, and nursing home,
residents and others in frail health.

To recuperate the CDC's authority and prestige, Congress must
shield the agenoy from political interference and fund itand
other public health efforts at levels commensurate with the
threats posed by infectious agents, social inequality,”

the opioid epidemic, and environmental degradation.

Trump entrusted stewardship of the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) to administrators who deny
human-driven global warming and have devoted their
careers to blocking regulation of the fossil fuel industry,
with cataclysmic implications for the health of the planet.
The EPA's reversal of emissions regulations portends
increased deaths from air pollution, vector-borne infec-
tious diseases, malnutrition, natural disasters, and global
conflict= Foes of LGBTQ rights, abortion, and even birth
control were appointed to key health policy positions and
have used those perches to roll back access to health care,

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

education, and family planning services. Militarised
immigration enforcement has harmed the health and
development of thousands of children and intimidated
immigrant communities, discouraging them from using
health and nutrition services. White nationalists were
close advisers to President Trump and he advanced their
agenda by backing efforts to suppress the voting rights of
minority groups and affirmative action, entrusting civil
rights enforcement to its foes (eg, Attorney General
Jeff Sessions), banning residents of Muslim-majority
countries from entering the USA, packing the federal
judiciary with opponents of civil, voting, and reproductive
rights, and focusing his 2020 election strategy on racist
fear-mongering.

Many of President Trump's policies have yet to extract
their full toll of ill-health. Some of the damage, as in the
case of climate change, will last generations.

The Trump era in historical context
The disturbing truth is that many of President Trump's
policies do not represent a radical break with the past
but have merely accelerated the decades-long trend of
lagging life expectancy that reflects deep and long-
standing flaws in US economic, health, and social
policy. These flaws are not only evident in faltering
longevity—and the especially sluggish progress in
reducing deaths amenable to health care*—but also in
the widening gaps in mortality across social class and
geography and the chronically high mortality of Black
and Indigenous people.

Trump gained from the public dissatisfaction with the
status quo, while his electoral opponents (in both the
primary and general elections of 2016) offered little
break from the failures of past administrations. Focusing
narrowly on Trump's policies and rhetoric, while
ignoring the failings that precipitated his election, risks
obscuring the causes and remedies for the long-term
downward trajectory of health in the USA.

Two waves of progressive legislation—President
Franklin D Roosevel?s (in office 1933-45) New Deal
in the 1930s and President Lyndon Johnson's (in office
1963-69) Great Society and civil rights measures in
the 1960s—strengthened social and labour protections,
redistributed income and other resources downward to
those who need it most, curbed corporate abuses, and, in
the Johnson era, initiated large-scale government health
programmes and extended social and political rights to
African American people and other minority groups.
Between 1961 and 1969, the number of people in the USA
living in poverty decreased from 40 million to 24 million,
US hospitals were desegregated, infant mortality (ie,
number of deaths in the first year of life per 1000 live-
births) fell by 17%, and the mortality ratio between Black
and white infants decreased. In the former slave states in
the south of the USA, the number of African American
people elected as state legislators increased from
three in 1965 to 176 in 1985.” Even under President

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

Richard Nixon (in office 1969-74), whose so-called war on
drugs initiated mass incarceration, societal progress was
made-—eg, the US Supreme Court legalised abortion and
Congress established the EPA and the Occupational Safety
and Health Administration, providing landmark environ-
mental and occupational health protections

The expansion of the welfare state, civil rights, and
environmental regulation during the 1960 and 1970s
substantially improved population health However,
faced with economic stagnation and mounting inflation,
President Jimmy Carter (in office 1977-81) pushed to
reduce government deficits through spending cuts,
and backed away from ambitions to expand social
programmes.

In 1980, the election of President Ronald Reagan (in
office 1981-89) signalled the end of the New Deal and civil
rights order and a decisive adoption of neoliberal policies
that eroded and privatised social programmes, reduced
taxes on high-income individuals and corporations,
weakened labour and environmental protections, and
intensified the war on drugs. Even as productivity grew,
the rewards flowed to corporation owners, wages
plateaued, job security became increasingly precarious,
and US longevity began to lag.

Although President Bill Clinton (in office 1993-2001)
rejected many harmful environmental policies and efforts
to impose conservative social values that were promoted
during the Reagan and Bush (in office 1989-93) eras, he
embraced key aspects of the neoliberal, pro-corporate
agenda: pushing through the North American Free Trade
Agreement (1994) and an updated General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade (leading to the establishment of the
World Trade Organization in 1995) that dropped trade
protections and weakened unions; deregulating banks
and telecommunications firms; imposing time limits
and other restrictions on welfare benefits and nutrition
assistance; and passing a racially charged tough on crime
bill (officially called the Violent Crime Control and Law
Enforcement Act of 1994). Stock prices rose rapidly,
income and wealth inegualities widened, and prisons
Elled up with people of colour? Many people in the USA
suffered the negative effects of globalisation and were left
without adequate government supports.

President Barack Obama (in office 2009-17) made
expanding health coverage a key component of his
2008 presidential campaign. But the 2010 ACA owed more
to neoliberal tenets than to the progressive precepts of the
Roosevelt era. Although the reform expanded coverage, it
left nearly 30 million uninsured and the new public dollars
it offered were funnelled through private insurers whose
exorbitant overhead and profits drain funds before they
reach the clinic. Meanwhile, a growing number of people
in the USA were underinsured—ie, covered but still
unable to afford health care, as rising co-payments and
deductibles obstruct care for all but high-income indivi-
duals, who consume a growing share of national health
expenditures.*

709
The Lancet Commissions

 

710

Panel 3: A century of exploitation and neglect in Puerto Rico

The plight of Puerto Rico's 3-1 milon residents (an additional
5.6 million Puerto Ricans live on the US mainland) arises from
the confluence of neocolonialism, neoliberalism, and racism.

In 1898, ayearafter Spain granted Puerto Rico autonomy after
nearly 400 years of oppressive military rule, the USA annexed
the island following the Spanish-American War. One year later
the US devalued the local currency, enabling mainland firms to
buy much ofthe arable land and industry at steep discounis.

In 1917, to bolsterthe pool of military conscripts, the US granted
Puerto Ricans citizenship but not voting rights. Thirty-five years
later Puerto Ricans were allowed restricted self-governance
under direct congressional rule, a situation that persists.

Inthe 19705, Congress offered tax breaksto pharmaceutical and
apparel factories relocating to Puerto Rico but phased them out
inthe 1990s after a backlash from other businesses. Half of the
island's manufacturing jobs soon disappeared, its gross domestic
product plummeted, and its government began a cyde of
borrowing funds at increasingly prohibitive interest rates.

Traditionally, Puerto Rico considered health care a human
rightand its strong, regionalised system of free public clinics
and hospitals focused on preventive care. In the 19705,
private providers entered the market and selected patients
who were relatively healthy or wealthy, leaving the patients
who were sick, poor, or olderto the public sector. The result
was underfunding of the publicsystem, low salaries for its.
personnel, and care-rationing. This situation elicited calls for
reform and, in 1992, islanders elected a physician as governor
who promised to fixa health-care system in crisis. However,
instead of boosting the public sector's funding, his
government, in line with neoliberal orthodoxy, sold most of
the public hospitals and medical centres to private investors
and used public fundsto purchase care through for-profit
insurers. The privatised system was more fragmented,
inadequate, and costly than the public system it replaced,
forcing the government further into debt. Subsequently,

the newly dominant for-profit health plans, citing inadequate
reimbursement, began to cut, delay, and deny care; underpaid
doctors fled the island—more than one-third left over a
decade.

The US unfairtreatment ofits colonial territories in health-care
financing exacerbated the economic uncertainty and austerity
imposedon Puerto Ricans. Medicare payment rates for seniors'
care (aged > 65 years) are approximately halfof mainland
levels. Federal funding for the island's Medicaid programme is
farlowerthan for states,” resulting in a less extensive
programme with greatly reduced benefits for the 43% ofisland

Moreover, the ACA's providerpayment strategies
reinforced decades of market-oriented reforms that made
profitability the fundamental measure of performance,
drove the commodification of care, and increasingly
vested control in investor-owned conglomerates. Com-
mercial interests have, for decades, promoted a health-care

residents living in poverty, a poverty rate that is twice that of
the poorest US state. The chronic underfunding of health care
helped deepen the island's debt crisis that forcedthe
governmentto default on debts and file for bankruptcy in
20172" To oversee debt restructuring Congress established a
fiscal oversight board run mostly by Wall Street executives.

In 2017, Hurricane Maria struck, causing 4645 deaths on the
island (70-fold higher than originally estimated) and
devastating communication, electrical, water, transportation,
agricultural, and health-care systems. The Trump
administration's inept and insufficient response reflected the
president's disregard for the facts, people of colour, and the
island's predicament. Despite catastrophic damage,

the oversightboard proposed harsh fiscal austerity,
mandating deep cuts to health care, pensions, and education,
including a 56% cut imposed on the public university
system.* It also forced the island to raise sales taxes higher
than in any US state, earmark the revenuesto repay
bondholders, cut taxes on multinational firms, and privatise
government-owned industries. The Trump administration's
unremitting hostility toward Puerto Ricans was also reflected
in its 2019 proposal to cut “excessive and unnecessary"
food assistance for more than 1 million Puerto Ricans,*
andTrump's threat to block disaster relief for floods in the

US Midwest if the package also included funding for the
hurricane recovery in Puerto Rico,º a position he reversed just
before the 2020 election—apparently to gain favour among
Puerto Rican voters in Florida.

Puerto Rico's high poverty rates, older population (dueto an
exodus of young people, including health professionals),

and underfunded health-care system made it vulnerable to
COVID-=19. Realising the epidemic's threat, andthat federal help
would not come, the local government and private citizens
took aggressive preventive measures (eg, imposing a lockdown
in March, 2020, earlier than elsewhere in the USA) that initially
keptcases and deaths low. However, cases spiked in July and
August, 2020, asthe island reopenedto tourists.

Solving the societal challenge in Puerto Rico will require major
political changes. Obtainingstatehood, a step favoured by one of
the islandis major political parties (the New Progressive Party),
would help ameliorate federal funding inequities. Other parties
favoura renegotiated US Commonwealth status or
independence. To be effective, political solutions must end
draconian austerity and privatisation efforts and reject racist
attitudesthat blame Puerto Ricans for the results of 120 years of.
exploitation and neglect by a colonial power.

paradigm overly reliant on biomedical interventions,
particularly pharmaceuticals, at the expense of holistic
approaches to care and attention to social determinants
of health.

The actions of the Trump administration have had a
profound negative effect on US society. An emboldened

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

plutocracy, under guise of deregulation and austerity, has
augmented its wealth and power by re-regulating markets
to their advantage and adjusting government budgets for
their own gain. Under this type of governance, wealthy
firms and families receive generous government transfers
(eg, large farm subsidies have gone to the wealthiest
agricultural firms and farming families), an increasing
proportion of the US population feels abandoned by the
government (eg, millions denied welfare and nutrition
support), rural and imnercity populations face local
hospital closures, urban dwellers are displaced by rising
housing prices, job opportunities have disappeared in
the deindustrialised Midwest, US citizens in Puerto Rico
have been consigned to neocolonial status (ie, ruled by
the US Federal Government, but denied representation
in Congress, or the right to vote in the presidential
election) and neglected in the aftermath of Hurricane
Maria in 2017 (panel 3)” and treaties with Native
Americans have been abrogated and their lands are
despoiled.

The social divides of racism and xenophobia affect
health, directly, through structural and interpersonal
discrimination and, indirectly, as political stakeholders
exploit them to diminish the social solidarity required for a
communitarian approach to health and health care.
Trumyp's adoption of white supremacist appeals to incite
low-income white people to blame their plight on
low-income people of colour is singularly harmful and
tragic. He gained his largest electoral margins in 2016 in
counties with the worst economic and mortality trends"
and proceeded as president to dismantle social and
environmental protections that would benefit those
communities.

Section 1: The missing Americans

COVID-19 and life expectancy declines in perspective
The global COVID-19 pandemic has had a dispro-
portionate effect on the USA, with more than 26 million
diagnosed cases and over 450000 deaths as of early
February, 2021, about 40% of which could have been
averted had the US death rate mirrored the weighted
average of the other G7 nations.”

Many of the cases and deaths were avoidable. Instead
of galvanising the US populace to fight the pandemic,
President Trump publicly dismissed its threat (despite
privately acknowledging it),* discouraged action as
infection spread, and eschewed international coopera-
tion. His refusal to develop a national strategy worsened
shortages of personal protective equipment and diag-
nostic tests. President Trump politicised mask-wearing
and school reopenings and convened indoor events
attended by thousands, where masks were discouraged
and physical distancing was impossible.

The COVID-19 pandemic is one of many US health
failures. The fact that COVID-19 affects Black, Indigenous,
and Latinx people disproportionately has reinforced long-
standing health ineguities driven by racially patterned

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

 

5 E E

Excess deaths (0005)
8

100:

o.
ag8o 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020
Vear

 

 

 

Figure 2: Excess deaths each year in the USA relative to other G7 countries
average (1980-2018)

disparities in housing,” wealth, employment, and social
and political rights.

Declining US longevity between 2014 and 2017, and
the minimal uptick in longevity in 2018, attracted
substantial media attention. However, a focus on these
recent trends risks obscuring how far the USA lags
behind other high-income nations (figure 1), and how
long these cross-national gaps have been in the making.
Life expectancy in the USA was average among high-
income nations in 1980, by 1995, it was 2.2 years shorter
than the average of other G7 countries, and by 2018, the
gap had widened to 3.4 years.!

The extent of difference can also be quantified as
the number of missing Americans—ie, the number of
US residents who would still be alive if age-specific
mortality rates in the USA had remained equal to the
average of the other six G7 nations. By this measure,
in 2018 alone, 461000 Americans went missing, an annual
figure that has been increasing since 1980 (figure 2,
appendix pp 2-3) Most of the US mortality excess is
among people younger than 65 years. If US death rates
were equivalent to those of other G7 nations, two of
five deaths before age 65 years would have been averted.
To put this number in context, the number of missing
Americans each year is more than the total number of
COVID-19 deaths in the USA in all of 2020.

Even before the COVID-19 pandemic, the crisis of
premature mortality in the USA affected most demo-
graphic groups (figure 3), with the exception of Asian
American and older Hispanic people whose lower than
average mortality rates are thought to reflect a so-called
healthy immigrant effect (ie, the health advantage of
people who are able to endure the rigors of migration)
and the avoidance of unhealthy behaviours. Black,
Native American and Alaska Native people were the
demographic groups most affected by premature
mortality—eg, death rates for Black people in the USA at
ages 25-29 years are 4times higher than the average of
the other G7 nations and, for Native American and
Alaska Native people deaths rates at ages 25-29 years are
7-times higher than this average. However, mortality

See Online for appendix

7
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

Relative risk

05

 
 
 
 
  

-8- Native American
+ Blake
White
de latin
=4- Asian and Pacific Islanders.

 

2529 4045 50'sg 7074 =
Agegroup Gears)

 

 

Figure 3: Excess mortality inthe USA relative to other G7 countries by age and race (2017)

712

rates are also high for white people of all ages and for
Hispanic people younger than 70 years.

Deaths of despair and structural racism

What explains the poor health statistics of the
US population? Analyses of cause-specific mortality have
found increases in fatal substance use and death by
suicide since 1999-—conditions that economists Anne Case
and Angus Deaton labelled “deaths of despair”.” Their
initial report highlighted an epidemic of such deaths
among middle-aged (aged 45-54 years) white US resi-
dents with low amounts of formal education.

However, studies have found concerning mortality
trends for every racial and ethnic group,*º and increases
due to a broad spectrum of chronic conditions. Midlife
(aged 25-64 years) mortality among Native Americans
has risen steadily since 1999, whereas midlife mortality
increases among non-Hispanic white people com-
menced around 2010, for Hispanic people in 2011, for
non-Hispanic Black people in 2014, and for Asian and
Pacific Islanders in 2015." Before the COVID-9
pandemic, midlife mortality for Native American and
Alaska Native people was 59% higher and for
non-Hispanic Black people was 42% higher than for
non-Hispanic white people. Black women are 3-2 times
more likely than white women to have a pregnancy
related death, similarly, Native American and Alaska
Native women are 2-3 times more likely.”

COVID-19 has increased the longevity gap between
Black and white people by more than 50%.“ Overall
age standardised COVID-19 mortality rates for people
of colour are 1.2 times to 3.6 times higher than for
non-Hispanic white people. But disparities are far greater
in younger age groups (eg, a 2:4-9.0 times difference

among people aged 35-44 years) underscoring the
importance of residential crowding and employment in
low-status jobs that preclude physical distancing. Overall,
in the USA, Black and Latinx people have incurred
more total years of potential life lost than white people
because of COVID-19, although the white population is
three to four times larger

white people had a relatively early increase in opioid
overdose deaths, partly because of their preferential
access to prescription opioids.“” Pharmaceutical com-
pany marketing practices initially targeted insured
(predominantly white) patients. Lax federal regulation of
opioids, and the racist perception that white people were
less addiction-prone than Black people, further fuelled
the epidemic.S Yet fatal overdoses now are increasing
fastest among middle-aged (45-64 years) Black men and,
in several big cities, overdoses claim mainly Black lives.”
This racial crossover could have arisen, in part, from
the substantially higher incarceration of Black men in
the USA, which puts them at risk for post-incarceration
overdose deaths precipitated by lowered physiological
tolerance on release from prison and exposure to ultra-
potent fentanyl in street markets.

The “deaths of despair”” formulation was an important
contribution, locating the root causes of rising mortality
in a changing society—ie, deindustrialisation and
declines in unionisation that shrunk opportunities for
white people who did not have a higher (ie, post-high
school) education.” However, although the media and
many policy makers have focused on epidemic despair
among working-class white people, despair is not
exclusively, or even mainly, a white problem; the endemic
excess mortality of Black and Native American and
Alaska Native communities is arguably also due to
despair.

Two decades before Case and Deaton's description of
deaths of despair” William Julius Wilson, a leading
African American sociologist, noted the link between the
loss of manufacturing jobs in Black communities in
urban areas and many negative health and social effects.
However, the consequences of privation and economic
dislocation rarely featured in popular or academic
explanations of epidemics of crack cocaine, heroin, and
HIV that were prevalent in Black and Native American
and Alaska Native communities.” Instead, these
epidemics and endemic alcoholism and violence were
blamed on individuals pathology, cultural inadequacies,
and criminal tendencies, pathologies more appropriately
viewed as the consequences of trauma and despair rooted
in the USA's history of land expropriation, genocide, and
slavery.

Paradoxically, some privileges available to white people
have contributed to adverse health outcomes. Their
preferential access to opioid prescriptions helped drive
the opioid epidemic. Similarly, the rate of death by
suicide among white men is linked to their high rate of
gun ownership, which has been encouraged by political

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

and gun marketing messages about the need to defend
themselves against others, messages that have also
forestalled gun control. These appeals carry a subtext of
the need of white men to defend their status in the
racial hierarchy.'* White people have also reaped benefit
and harm from federal highway and housing policies
that subsidised white suburban development and car
ownership at the expense of public transportation and
walkable urban spaces, pushing up rates of motor vehicle
injury, obesity, and diabetes.

Growing disparities by socioeconomic status and
geography
Lagging life expectancy in the USA has coincided with
growing income-based and education-based mortality
gaps among adults. These inequalities in mortality
mirror widening economic inequality, with rising
incomes for the wealthiest decile of the population (and
huge gains for the very rich), but stagnant real incomes
for the bottom 50%. By 2014, the life expectancy of the
wealthiest 1% of men was 15 years longer than that of
the poorest 1%; the difference for women was 10 years.”
Between 2000 and 2014, adult life expectancy increased
by over 2 years for people in the top half of the income
distribution, while the lower half of the income dis-
tribution had little or no improvement, and mortality
increased among low-income white women. 32:s
Geographical disparities in health have also grown and
differences in life expectancy between the poorest and
richest US counties have increased since 1980,“ driven
partly by a widening urban-rural health divide.º Even in
urban areas, mortality rates have greatly declined in
some cities but not others and location is of major
importance for low-income populations. Mortality differ-
ences between US cities are driven by differences among
their poorest residents,* suggesting that deficiencies in
local policy and environmental conditions, particularly
residential segregation,º harm the poor more than the
afluent.

Economic opportunity and health
Economic opportunity affects risk behaviours and health
outcomes. In US counties that lost manufacturing jobs
in the 2000s because oftrade liberalisation, middle-aged
male mortality worsened, marriage rates declined, and
out-ofwedlock births rose as few men were able to find
long-term employment.=“ Life expectancy fell in areas
most affected by deindustrialisation,* with rising opioid
overdose deaths (which have been linked to auto plant
closures)º being a big contributing factor. Decreasing
incomes and the growth of incarceration have also
combined to exacerbate this problem.“ Declining life
expectancy in rural areas between 2009 and 2014º
coincided with losses in economic opportunity, similar
to the losses of manufacturing jobs in urban areas in
the 1970s and 1980s that triggered epidemics of drug use
and violence in Black communities.

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

However, not all regions with falling economic oppor-
tunity show these trends, which suggests the importance
of local policy factors. For instance, suicide rates among
adults who do not have a college education fell in states
that ameliorated poverty by increasing their minimum
wage and Earned Income Tax Credit (ie, income sup-
plements available to some low-income workers).º Since
the 1970s, life expectancy has stagnated in states imple-
menting conservative policies, whereas it has improved in
states that implement relatively liberal policies. Had all
states followed the liberal states longevity trends, US life
expectancy would have been approximately 2-5 years
longer in 2014—ie, about the same as other high-income
nations.“ Similarly, a cross-national comparison suggests
that the weaker provisions for income support for people
who are unemployed, ill, or older accounts for much of
the lagging longevity in the USA.”

The regulatory state in the USA is also weaker than in
many peer nations. Although regulation and taxation
greatly reduced US motor vehicle and smoking-related
mortality in the 1960s-90s, failure to regulate firearms,
obesity-inducing foods, and prescription opioids fuels
the epidemics of violence, diabetes, and overdoses that
have contributed to the USA's excess mortality rate over
the past few decades.*?”

Health and politics—a negative feedback loop?
Many of the adverse health and social trends preceded
and presaged President Trump's election. His county-
level vote share in 2016 was closely correlated with
mortality trends. Counties in which more than 60% of
people voted for Trump had higher life expectancy
in 1980 than those counties in which more than 60% of
people voted for Clinton. However, by 2014, the Trump
counties lagged more than 2 years behind counties that
had voted for Clinton (Bor, unpublished; figure 4).

The neoliberal policies that inflicted economic hardship
and worsened health also helped precipitate the rightward

 

07 = Grumari Tarte
De mamae
79
“PB
E
í 76

7

74

  

B
1980

1985

1990 1995

Year

2000 2005 2010 2014

 

 

 

Figure 4:Trendks in life expectancy in counties that voted predominantly for
or against Donald Trump in the 2016 election
Data from Commission analysisof county-levelvoting and mortalitytrends.

For county-level voting trends
see http:/Juselectionatias org

713
The Lancet Commissions

 

714

political shift that enabled Trump's election, what might
be labelled a politics of despair. Among white-majority
congressional districts, those suffering job losses linked
to trade liberalisation with China were more likely to elect
conservative Republicans to Congress and see an increase
in the Republican vote share in the 2016 election.” These
patterns have historical precedent” Cities with high
mortality rates in late-Weimar Germany also bore the
greatest burden of economic dislocation due to austerity
policies and subsequently became the growth centres of
the Nazi Party between the 1930 and 1933 elections.” In
the UK, austerity measures” and increasing deaths of
despair” were linked to support for Brexit.

By contrast, job losses in majority non-white districts led
voters to choose more liberal Democrats.” The divergent
responses of white and non-white voters to economic
distress signals the power of diversionary racist and
nativist appeals. Such appeals, which have animated the
backlash of white people against the welfare state since
Nixon, became even more explicit under Trump. Low-
income white people suffering the fallout of decades of
austerity and neoliberal policies have often voted for
austerity, swayed by their misperception that progressive
economic policies mainly benefit people of colour”

Ironically, the ascendance of right-wing populism
and Trump's weakening of the US Government's role in
protecting health are likely to exacerbate the income
and place-based health disparities that harm many of
his voters. A negative feedback loop—with low-income
white people helping to stifle demands for vital public
investments—risks inflicting additional and long-lasting
damage to their health and wellbeing.

Responding to the Trump administration's health-
harming policies, some state and local governments have
stepped in to protect their residents, but have done so
unevenly. Some have attempted to maintain environmental
and health insurance regulations, fund health insurance
expansions, and protect immigrants. However, other local
authorities have done the opposite by imposing work
requirements on Medicaid enrollees, restricting access to
abortion and contraception, and collaborating with federal
agencies in apprehending and detaining immigrants.

This geographical policy divergence continues a trend
of devolution of responsibility for regulation and social
service provision from federal to state and local levels.
States and cities that are considered to be relatively liberal
spend more on welfare and education when compared
with conservative regions, investments that have been
linked to improved health” and reduced mortality from
coronary heart disease and suicide. Conservative states
and cities have cut taxes, social programmes, and regula-
tions, often to attract corporate investment. Moreover,
efforts in Republican-controlled states to consolidate
political power through gerrymandering and obstructing
minority voting* threaten to perpetuate underinvestment
in public goods, racial inequities, and geographical
health divides.*

IF there is not a major reversal of federal policy, the
drivers of US health stagnation are likely to persist. The
increasing precarity of work in the so-called gig economy
(ie, an economy based on shortterm freelance work
rather than permanent jobs) and job losses associated
with automation, further threaten economic security.
Persistent wealth gaps and other manifestations of
structural racism will continue to privilege white people.
Mortality trends will continue to favour cities where
resurgent tax bases enable stronger public health and
social programmes, which will widen existing geo-
graphical health disparities. Environmental degradation
of rural areas exploited as corporate dumping grounds
for agricultural and extraction-industry pollutants will
harm health for generations. Finally, as seen with the
unprecedented wildfires in the west of the USA in 2020,
climate change will increasingly threaten cities, suburbs,
and rural areas, with the poorest locales least able to
adapt. Continuing down this road would lead to
continued decline in health, widening health inegualities,
and ever more missing Americans.

To repair health deficits in the USA, we must redis-
tribute wealth and income through taxation, fortify social
programmes and regulation, remediate the structural
racism that afflicts Black, Latinx, and Indigenous people,
and heal US democracy by eliminating obstructions to
voting.

Section 2: White supremacy and the history of
racism in the USA

“Our nation was born in genocide when it embraced the
doctrine that the original American, the Indian, was an
inferior race. Even before there were large numbers of
Negroes on our shores, the scar of racial hatred had
already disfigured colonial society”

Martin Luther King Jrº

The scar of racial hatred that came from the wounds
of genocide and slavery, and extended through the
exploitation of immigrant labour, remains a cardinal
feature of US society. Centuries of systemic racism have
produced obvious racial inequities in premature death.
The intersecting epidemics of COVID-19 and police
brutality in 2020 disproportionately killed people of
colour. Hospitalisation rates for COVID-19 are 4to 5 times
higher among Black, Native American and Alaska Native,
and Latinx people than among European Americans,
largely because of residential crowding and employment
as low-paid, front-line essential workers. Disregard for
implementing appropriate infection control measures
at high-risk worksites (eg, nursing homes) and penal
institutions has compounded these inequities. COVID-19
incidence is 5 times higher in prisons (exceeding 65% in
several prisons)º than in the non-incarcerated popu-
lation of the USA and jail-acquired infections have
accelerated community spread.“ At current rates, 96 of
every 100000 Black male infants will eventually be killed

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

by the police, a rate 2-5 times higher than that for
white men; Native American and Alaska Native and
Latinx male individuals are also at an elevated risk, as
are American Indian and Alaska Native women”

Along with harming the health of people of colour,
the psychological imprint of racism deforms societal
values and policy to the detriment of all people living
in the USA. Cynical politicians, who have long fuelled
racial enmity, undermined social solidarity, and weak-
ened support for health and social programmes, set the
context for the election of President Trump.

Racism before and during the Trump administration
White supremacy and the long history of separate and unequal
Health disparities in the USA began with the colonisation
of the Americas by Europeans, who exterminated Native
American people for the purposes of expropriating their
land and enslaved millions of African people to generate
wealth. Both the institution of slavery and open warfare
on Native American nations ended by the conclusion
of the 19th century. However, white supremacy (the
ideology of the superiority of white people of European
ancestry and the wielding of state and institutional
power to subordinate people of colour) persists in society.
Nowadays, racism continues to shape the social and
structural conditions that are the substrates for health
inequities—eg, racial segregation in housing, education,
and health care; mass incarceration; and the widening
wealth gap between white people and people of colour”

The social and physical marginalisation of Native
American people and their displacement from tribal
land was implemented through the establishment of
Indian reservations, boarding schools, and health
services.” Treaties between the USA and tribal nations
(a government-to-government relationship) obligate
the US Federal Government to provide health care for
tribal citizens as partial compensation for the seizure
of their land and resources. Although the federal
government created the Indian Health Service ([HS)
in 1955 to provide services to Native Americans living on
or near reservations and to Alaska Natives, congres-
sional appropriations for the IHS have been perpetually
inadeguate to meet the needs of these populations.

Similar to how treaties did not end the deprivation of
Native Americans, the surrender of the Confederate
States of America in 1865 did not end the subordina-
tion of Black Americans. Liberation of Black people
advanced during the brief Reconstruction period after the
American Civil War (1861-65). However, subsequently,
former Confederate states reversed most of these gains by
enacting Jim Crow laws that enforced racial segregation,
causing Black people to be subjected to mob violence,
including lynchings from the Ku Klux Klan and other
domestic terrorists.

White supremacist resistance to the emancipation of
Black people after the Civil War also laid the foundation
for the current racialised mass incarceration. In 1865,

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

the 13th Amendment to the US Constitution abolished
involuntary servitude except as a punishment for crime.
Former slave-owners, facing the loss of their workforce,
weaponised this clause to implement a modified form of
slavery. Vagrancy statutes made it a crime to be unem-
ployed, forcing many newly emancipated Black labourers
to return to their former owners under contract, or be
incarcerated and leased-out for labour, a practice known
as convict leasing. Convict leasing established a precedent
for modern-day prison labour practices; firms, including
for-profit prisons, still profit from the labour of inmates
paid far less than minimum wage and are exempt from
labour protections.*”

Similarly, the militarisation of local policing, now a
major source of racial conflict, dates back to slavery and
the Jim Crow laws. Slave patrols, organised to apprehend
and inflict extrajudicial summary punishment on run-
away slaves, constituted much of the early policing in
the southern states of the USA. In the period after
the Civil War, when most municipal policemen in the
northern states did not carry guns, southern police were
equipped with firearms to suppress the resistance of
Black people to Jim Crow laws and of Native Americans
to the expropriation of their lands.”

Medical science after the Civil War was also tainted
by white supremacy. The eugenics movement, which
began in the late 1800s and persisted until World War 2,
promoted pseudo-scientific assertions of inherent white
superiority. Despite eugenics being discredited, it
contributed to a medical culture that continues to view
race as a genetic rather than a social construct.” This
legacy includes widely accepted practices such as
routinely adjusting normal values for spirometry by race,
which originates from Thomas Jefferson's discussion of
enslaved peoples deficient lung function and a later
researchers documentation of the lower than average
lung volumes of Black people. Both men were slave-
owners who attributed the differences to innate inferiority
rather than oppressive work and living conditions.”

20th-century setbacks and progress

Racist policies in the USA were hardly limited to the
southern states. President Roosevelt's Social Security Act
of 1935—a pillar of the New Deal-—excluded farm
labourers and domestic workers (most of whom were
Black) from ageing and unemployment insurance.”
Roosevelt also ordered the mass internment of more
than 110000 Japanese Americans during World War 2,
a sanction that German Americans and Italian Americans
were spared. The 1946 Hill-Burton Act, which provided
federal funds to remedy a shortage of hospitals, included
a separate-but-equal provision that allowed hospitals
to maintain racially segregated facilities*—a provision
included to appease the southern Democrats who
were supportive of social programmes that benefited
white people but insistent on maintaining Jim Crow laws
of segregation. Segregated hospitals also perpetuated a

715
The Lancet Commissions

 

716

segregated heath workforce,” excluding Black physicians
from practicing at facilities that were predominantly
caring for white patients, including in many hospitals
outside of the southern states.

Segregation was also prevalent in medical societies
and medical education. Until the mid-20th century the
American Medical Association (AMA) effectively barred
Black physicians from membership," a prerequisite for
gaining hospital-admitting privileges in some regions.
Almost all Black physicians were educated at Howard
University College of Medicine (Washington, DC) and
Meharry Medical College (Nashville, TN), two historically
Black institutions. Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore,
MD) graduated its first Black medical students in 1967"

The mass mobilisation of the civil rights movement
during the 1950 and 1960s brought changes in
society and medicine. The 1964 Civil Rights Act and
1965 amendments to the Social Security Act (which
established Medicare and Medicaid) barred segregated
hospitals from receiving payments from public insurance
programmes. Medical schools initiated affirmative action
programmes, altering their outreach and admissions
practices to increase diversity. Consequently, the number
of Black, Native American and Alaska Native, and Latinx
medical students matriculating at US medical schools
tripled from 29% in 1968 to 8-6% in 1971/º

The health of Black people improved following
enactment of these civil rights laws and policies, especially
in Jim Crow states.” Yet, the design of Medicare and
Medicaid was tarnished by racism. The US Federal
Government took sole responsibility for Medicare, a
relatively generous programme for older people, whose
initial beneficiaries were mostly white, as relatively few
African Americans were living long enough to qualify.
Administration of Medicaid, the programme for low-
income people, who were disproportionately Black, was
delegated to state governments, many of them overtly
racist, resulting in stringent eligibility and payment
policies that restricted access to care.

 

The white backlash

Extension of political rights and social programmes to
Black people triggered a white backlash against public
programmes that were, inaccurately, portrayed by
politicians as benefiting primarily Black people and
immigrants.” The influential 1965 Moynihan report“
that blamed Black poverty on the alleged pathologies of
Black families provided intellectual justification for the
backlash.

The backlash gained momentum with President
Nixon's 1971 war on drugs that villainised Black
communities and initiated a sharp upturn in incar-
ceration. As Nixon's chief domestic policy aide later
averred, the war on drugs was driven by racist intent:
“Nixon...had two enemies: the anti-war left and black
people... We knew we couldr't make it illegal to be either
against the war or black, but by getting the public to

associate the hippies with marijuana and black people
with heroin, and then criminalising both heavily, we
could disrupt those communities. We could arrest their
leaders, raid their homes, break up their meetings, and
vilify them night afier night on the evening news. Did we
know we were lying about the drugs? Of course we did”.

A decade later, President Reagan's fabrication and
rhetorical vilification of a so-called welfare queen—a
fictional lazy and undeserving Black woman whose
welfare payments were, he implied, stolen from hard-
working white people-—helped him to his position in
the White House. Reagan's dismantling of social
programmes harmed low-income US residents of all
races but disproportionately affected people of colour
Disparities between Black and white premature death
and infant mortality rates, which had narrowed between
1966 and 1980 began to widen in the 1980s, as the social
safety net of public programmes and institutions
available to support poorer US residents' health and
other needs eroded.* The incarceration rate doubled
during Reagan's term in office, driven by new laws
mandating long sentences for many federal crimes,
especially for offences involving the use of marijuana
and crack cocaine, offences particularly concentrated in
African American communities."

The 1994 Violent Crime Control and Enforcement Act,
authored by then Senator Joe Biden and signed into law
by President Clinton (both of whom later expressed some
regrets about the law), gave further impetus to mass
incarceration. More than 2-2 million people are currently
imprisoned in the USA" —a rate unsurpassed by any
other nation. The USA, with 4.5% of the world's
population, has 22% of its prisoners. Relative to non-
Iatinx white people, the incarceration rate is 80% higher
for Latinx people (even excluding immigration deten-
tion), 323% higher for African Americans, and about
250% higher for Native American and Alaska Native
people." More than 20% of all African American men,
and nearly 60% of African American men without a high
school diploma, experience incarceration by age 34 years,
a rate five times higher than the rates of non-Latinx
white people with similar educational attainment.*

Although politicians cited public-safety concerns to
justify draconian punishments, evidence to suggest
that incarceration reduces crime rates or rehabilitates
offenders is scarce."! However, it does worsen health
problems such as smoking, cardiovascular disease,
serious mental illness, and premature death—par-
ticularly from drug overdose or suicide" For people
exiting jails and prisons, the re-entry process contributes
to excess mortality, often due to drug overdose, especially
in the 2 weeks following release.” Stigma, itself a major
determinant of poor health, follows former prisoners as
they seek work and re-assimilation into the community,
and nearly half of former prisoners report discrimination
in health-care settings because of their criminal records."
Mass incarceration also harms prisoners' partners,

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

families, and communities by impoverishing them and
disrupting social and family structures.”

The white backlash also targeted affirmative action.
In 1978, the US Supreme Court ruled in favour of a
white student who accused the University of California
(Davis, CA) medical school of reverse discrimination for
denying him admission while admitting Black and
Latinx students with lower grades and admission-test
scores. During the following decade the number
of under-represented minority students enrolled in
US medical schools stagnated, until universities
renewed a campaign to diversify their student bodies
in 1990. Conservative forces (funded by billionaires
including Richard Mellon Scaife and Rupert Murdoch)
resisted the campaign with many anti-affirmative-action
lawsuits and ballot initiatives. The consideration of race
in official state activities (including university admis-
sions) were consequently outlawed in California (1996)
and Washington state (1998). Medical school admissions
of under-represented minority students promptly fell.”

On the health-care financing front, the Reagan admin-
istration launched a shift to market-oriented policies that
continues nowadays, policies that have redistributed
medical resources in favour of affluent and white people.
Over the past four decades, health expenditures for high-
income communities have grown much more rapidly
than for low-income communities.” Safety-net hospitals
(ie, those that serve people who are uninsured, poor,
and communities of colour) have struggled financially
and some rural and inner-city areas have lost hospitals
and maternity services."t

The Obama years (2009-16)

The election of President Obama inspired hope that
the USA would confront its legacies of racism and
re-expand social programmes. Indeed, Obama increased
enforcement of pre-existing civil rights laws and passed
the ACA, boosted public spending on health, and
narrowed some racial disparities. However, despite the
ACA's offer of generous federal funding to cover the
costs of expanding Medicaid eligibility, nine southern
states with large Black populations continue to refuse
the Medicaid expansion, accounting for 90% of all
people denied coverage by such refusals.”

Moreover, even in states that expanded Medicaid, people
of colour are largely consigned to second-class coverage.
74% of non-Latinx white people have private insurance
that pays doctors and hospitals higher fees than Medicaid,
bestowing preferential access to care,” whereas only
56% of Black, 52% of Latinx, and 46% of Native American
and Alaska Native people have private insurance
(Himmelstein DU, unpublished). As a consequence, the
use of physician, hospital, and other care (as measured by
total expenditures for their care) remains skewed in favour
of non-Hispanic white people (figure 5).

Funding of the IHS also remained inadequate.
Mandated to serve the 2-2 million members of the

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

 

 

140007 Elite

Deh

D Hispanic
q 00 Boer
E 10000
Ê
à 8000
É 6000
Ê
E 4000
um Ii II

o T T T
047 1834 35-44 4554 55-64 =65
Age group (years)

 

Figure 5: Per-capita utilisationofcare of white, Black, and Hispanic people, and other racial groups (2015-18)

Data in US dollars per year.

574 federally recognised tribes, the IHS budget in
the 2017 fiscal year, appropriated by Congress in the final
year of the Obama administration, was US$5-0 billion.
This budget amounted to less than US$3000 per person
served by the IHS, approximately one quarter of the
average per-capita health spending in the USA (although
some patients of those served by the IHS receive care
elsewhere as well, somewhat biasing this comparison).
In 2019, The Tribal Budget Workgroup estimated that
an additional US$2.7 billion would be needed to meet
minimal operating needs of the IHS and US$37-6 billion
would be required in 2021 to fund operations and
investments to address the high health needs and disease
burden of tribal populations.”

Under the Obama administration, the number of federal
prisoners was reduced for the first time in 40 years partly
because of the introduction of a demency initiative and
new laws and executive actions that reduce sentences
for drug offences.”: However, extrajudicial murders of
unarmed Black men and adolescents continued, worsen-
ing the mental health of nearby Black communities?” and
triggering protests. The acquittal of an armed civilian for
killing Trayvon Martin in Florida led to the development
of the Black Lives Matter movement in 2013, and the
2014 police murders of Michael Brown in Missouri and
Eric Garner in New York triggered angry demonstrations
against deeply entrenched systems of police brutality.

The structural racism and class-based inequities of
US society continued to affect medicine and health
during the Obama years. Black and Latinx employees are
markedly over-represented among low-paid health-care
workers, however, they, along with Native American and
Alaska Native people, remain markedly underrepresented
in the health-care professions (figure 6). In 1978, 54 of
15923 (1 in 300) students matriculating at US medical
schools were Native American and Alaska Native, a
number that fell to 53 in 2014, despite an expansion of
medical school enrolment.'” The number of Black men
enrolled in medical schools also fell during this period

717

 
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

Racialcomposition (%)

 

100 E Blake
Y Tati
20 TE Native American
183%
18
16
14) 134%
2
104%
10
8
58% mo Sa%
6 50% 57
4 30%
2 13%
Eq 03% 04% oa%
o T T
US population Physcians Registered nurses. Dentists

 

 

Figure 6: Racial composition of US population and selected health professions.

Data from K Grumbach, prepared from population data (2018) fromtheUS Census Bureau, *! physician data (2018)
from the Association of American Medical Colleges;** and data on dentists and nurses (2011-15, averaged) from the
Health Resources and Services Administration :*

718

and class privilege remained a way into the medical
profession. More than half of medical students come
from families in the top quintile of houschold income.

The Trump years (2017-20)
The political rise of President Trump was fuelled by
his promotion of so-called birtherism—the claim that
President Obama was born in Kenya and was therefore
ineligible to be president-—and the allegation that Obama
was Muslim. After assuming office, Trump's rhetoric,
which previously included broad hints of racism,
escalated to blatantly racist pronouncements, and the
affront of his rhetoric was matched by the destructiveness
of his policies. In implementing cuts to social pro-
grammes (eg, imposing work requirements that restrict
eligibility for Medicaid and food assistance) he frequently
invoked stereotypes of freeloading people of colour'”
His profane condemnation of Black athletes protesting
police violence, sympathetic portrayals of neo-Nazis
and other white nationalists, and vocal support for
unregulated gun ownership energise and incite his
white conservative base. In counties that hosted Trump
campaign rallies in 2016, hate crimes motivated by race
were double the rate by comparison with non-host
counties.» Additionally, the anti-immigrant policies
enforced by the Trump administration were promoted
using explicitly racist language-—eg, characterising
Mexican people as rapists and Muslim people as
terrorists. To deflect attention from his mishandling
of the COVID-19 pandemic, Trump deployed anti-Asian
racism, referring to severe acute respiratory coronavirus 2
as the “kung flu”*! and the “Chinese virus” and blaming
Chinese influence for his withdrawal of the USA from
the WHO.

The USA's legacy of racism is also evident in other
actions by President Trump. In 2017, his reinstatement
of the Dakota Access Pipeline and reopening of the

Bears Ears National Monument in rural Utah to fossil
fuel extraction threaten to defile American Indian lands,
water supplies, and sacred sites, actions that repeat the
history of US territorial expropriations. In the same year,
he denied federal aid to Puerto Rico following Hurricane
Maria, despite giving copious aid to Texas and Florida
after those states were struck by hurricanes, a decision
that cost many lives (panel 3). His dismissive approach
to the COVID-19 pandemic as disproportionately
affecting Black, Latinx, and Indigenous communities is
reminiscent of the USA's failure to intervene with
quarantines and vaccines to mitigate smallpox out-
breaks among emancipated Black people after the Civil
War" In 2020, in response to burgeoning nationwide
protests following the police killings of George Floyd
in Minnesota, Breonna Taylor in Kentucky, and
Rayshard Brooks in Georgia, Trump denigrated the
Black Lives Matter protesters, threatened them with
violence in an incendiary tweet'* plagiarised from
southern segregationists of the 1960s, and cast himself
as a law and order president (despite his own lawless-
ness), a stance widely perceived to be a caricature of
President Nixon.

Even before his repressive response to the anti-police
brutality demonstrations, Trump had reversed several
Obama-initiated criminal justice reforms—eg, by
expanding the use of the death penalty (particularly for
drug-related cases); ending the federal oversight of
local police forces implicated in civil rights abuses,'* and
reinstating private for-profit federal prisons (and
expanding the role of for-profit prisons in immigrant
detention) despite their record of abhorrent conditions."
However, Trump's support for the 2018 First Step Act—a
bipartisan bill that shortened sentences for some federal
crimes and increased educational and vocational services
for inmates and former inmates—constituted one of the
few positive aspects of his domestic policy agenda. He
announced a Second Step Act that would reduce barriers
to employment for some individuals with criminal
records, although this bill has not been passed yet.

Trump's attacks on civil rights have reanimated anti-
affirmative action groups, led by Edward Blum, the
founder of Students for Fair Admissions.”” Blum was the
plaintiff in the 2013 US Supreme Court ruling that
rescinded federal oversight of voting rights in states with
long histories of suppressing the Black vote. Turning
his attention to affirmative action, Blum recruited a
white student to mount a new legal challenge to such
practices, which the US Supreme Court turned back
by a single vote. Undeterred, Blum organised similar
lawsuits against several leading US universities. The
Trump administration sided with Blum's ongoing
lawsuits, rescinded Obama-era guidelines encouraging
schools to consider race and ethnicity in admissions,
and compelled the School of Medicine at Texas Tech
University (Lubbock, TX) to agree to not consider race or
ethnicity in admissions decisions or mention race in

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

recruiting materials. Crucially, Trump's appointees to
the US Supreme Court seem likely to tip the court's
balance in favour of conservatism and completely outlaw
affirmative action.

President Trump's efforts to roll back the ACA and
Medicaid also harm people of colour. Between 2017
and 2018, before the COVID-19 pandemic, the health
insurance coverage rate decreased by 1-6 percentage
points for Latinx people (equivalent to an extra 1-5 million
uninsured) and by 2-8 percentage points for Native
American and Alaska Native people, while remaining
stable for non-latinx white people (Gaffney A,
unpublished).* The number of people who lost health
insurance rapidly increased during the COVIDAS
pandemic as millions of US residents lost jobs and,
consequently, employer-sponsored health-care coverage.
Preliminary data show that twice as many Black people
as white people lost health-care coverage between June
and August, 2020.º

A new direction

To achieve health equity, the Biden administration must
embark on a process of truth and reconciliation that
explicitly acknowledges the roots of inequity in the USA's
history of systemic racism. There is a direct line that
comnects the historical events of genocide and slavery to
the modern-day toll of shortened lives extracted from
Native American and Black people in the USA.

First, the new administration's policy agenda must adopt
an explicitly anti-racist framework. It should commit
to compensate Indigenous, African American, and
Puerto Rican people for the wealth and education confis-
cated from (or denied to) those groups in the past. In
health care, such compensation should rapidly close
the deficits in medical resources by prioritising capital
investments in IHS facilities and those serving Puerto
Rico, and Black and Iatinx communities. Academic
medicine must also do its part by committing to training
and promoting Black, Iatinx, and Indigenous health-care
professionals needed to achieve a workforce represen-
tative of the whole US population. As an incentive, the
US Department of Health and Human Services should
require institutions receiving federal health grants and
contracts to show progress in this realm-—eg, by incor
porating medical schools Social Mission Score (which
includes measures of diversity) in National Institutes of
Health (NIH) and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services review criteria" Similarly, hospitals should be
required to target their investments and workforce
development programmes to historically marginalised
communities.

Second, annual appropriations for the IHS must
immediately rise to amounts that are commensurate with
need. While moving to enact a truly universal, single-payer
Medicare for All programme, the federal government
should offer additional incentives for all states to accept the
ACA's Medicaid expansion. We also recommend the

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

establishment of a law-enforcement violence prevention
unit and a National Center on Anti-Racism and Health
within the CDC, as Senator Elizabeth Warren has
proposed. The Center should collaborate with educators,
researchers, and practitioners to challenge the conventions
of race-based medicine and advance understanding of race
as a social construct.

Finally, the new administration must introduce
measures to address the social and environmental
conditions that cause and exacerbate health ineguities.
These measures should include policing and sentencing
reforms (ie, alternatives to incarceration) that will rapidly
reduce prison and jail populations by 75% or more (ie, to
rates prevalent in the USA before the war on drugs and
in Europe today).

Section 3: The assault on immigrants
Anti-immigrant rhetoric was central to the election of
President Trump and remained a defining feature of his
presidençy. At the beginning of his 2016 campaign,
he denigrated immigrants from Mexico as rapists, drug
dealers, criminals, invaders, parasites, and terrorists and
encouraged his followers to embrace this dehumanising
perspective. The consequences have sometimes been
lethal, as in the case of a mass shooting of Latinx shoppers
ata Texas Walmart store in August, 2019, one of the
deadliest hate crimes in US history. The shooter, who
told police he had targeted Mexican people, had posted a
manifesto parroting President Trump's anti-immigrant
rhetoric.

On assuming office, President Trump moved quickly to
implement draconian enforcement of existing immi-
gration laws and promulgate new anti-immigrant policies
(President Biden has reversed many of Trump's actions
on immigration and ordered review of others). During
the first year of Trump's presidency the number
of immigrants under detention increased 40%” By
July, 2019, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)
was detaining an average of 55000 people daily, more
than ever before” For-profit prison firms, notorious for
their mistreatment of detainees, have been the biggest
beneficiaries of these policies.

Trump's actions escalated the injustices on immigrants.
However, they built on a long history of scapegoating
and harassment of immigrants in the USA. In 2016, the
Obama administration deported more than 450000 immi-
grants, although it focused deportation efforts on those
with criminal records and afforded special protections
to several immigrant groups—eg, allowing some
undocumented immigrant parents of a US citizen or
permanent resident child to remain in the USA for three
years, expanding the Deferred Action for Childhood
Arrivals (DACA) programme, and deferring immigration
enforcement actions against undocumented immigrants
from several countries afflicted by natural disasters.

The Trump administration's anti-immigrant policies
spanned every stage of the immigration process, from

719
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

Immigration entry tothe USA.

Immigration integration within the USA

Immigration detention and deportation

 

Trump
administration
policies

Recommended
policy changes

Potential
actions by
health-care
facilities and
dlinicians.

DACA=Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. TPS= Temporary Protected Status. H-1B=a visa available to temporary workers with special skills or qualifications.

Refugee bans on some Muslim and African
countries, deterring asylum seekers.

(eg, restricting entry for women facing
intimate partner violence, denial of parole,
family separations, Remain in Mexico policy)
Ensure timely and fair processing of asylum
applications, revoke executive orders and
policies that discriminate on the basis of.
religion and national origin

Provide medical and psychological
evaluations of individuals seeking asylum

Attempted termination of special immigration status
programmes (eg, DACA, TPS), extreme vetting programmes,
delays to H-1Bvisa programme, Public Charge (ie, relianton.
tax-funded programmes)

Revoke Public Charge rule and assure immigrants access to health

care and nutrition services, end state and local police cooperation
with federal immigration enforcement, allow all immigrantsto
obtaindrivers licences, enforce fai labour standards regardless of.
immigration status, adopt sensitive location policiesto prevent
immigration enforcement near health-care facilities, school,
places of worship, and courthouses

Connect immigrants with legal rights and community advocacy
groups ally with broad coalitions addressing immigration and
other social determinants of health, avoid recording immigration

statusin medical records, prepare for interactions withimmigration

enforcementofficers, implement trauma-informed care, inform
families that allchildren are entitled to a free public education and

Everyone as an enforcement priority (eg, ended
prosecutorial discretion), increased detention quotas,
expanded rates ofindefinite detention

Minimise immigration detention by pursving
alternatives, end detention and separation of children
from their families, reunite separated children with
parents, codifyin law and enforce current standards for
detention facilites and develop higher standards going
forward, establish independent medical and mental
health oversight boards for detention facilities, terminate
detention facility contractswhen evaluations show
inadequate conditions

  

Provide independent medical review and lettersof
supportto individuals in detention, participate in protests
of violations of detainees! human rights, including the
rightto medical care

 

thatimmigrantsare el

 

ble for free COVID-19 vaccination

 

Table 1: Trump administration immigration polícies and recommendations for policy makers and clinicians.

 

 

2o

entry and integration within the US, to detention and
deportation (table 1). Just 7 days after his inauguration,
President Trump issued an executive order entitled
Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into
the US,” which he termed a Muslim ban. This ban,
which is redolent of the Chinese Exclusion Act that
outlawed immigration from China and, later, other Asian
nations until 1943,% prohibited travellers from seven
Muslim-majority countries (Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia,
Syria, Sudan, and Yemen) from entering the USA. He
subsequently extended the policy, banning immigration
from six additional countries (Myanmar, Eritrea,
Kyrgyzstan, Nigeria, Sudan, and Tanzania). At the time
that President Biden rescinded the immigration ban
on Jan 20, 2021, it applied to nearly one-quarter of the
population of the African continent. Trump also
progressively lowered the quota of refugees admitted
to the USA. Consequently, fewer refugees have been
resettled than at any time since 1980 and the USA is no
longer the world's top country for refugee admissions.”
In 2020, the Trump administration exploited the
COVID-19 pandemic to expand its ban on immigrants
entering the USA, using the justification of protecting
public health to deny entry, despite the USA having the
most cases in the world.

The Trump administration's numerous efforts to deny
entry to asylum seekers triggered many legal challenges.
Officials sought to deny asylum to applicants fleeing
domestic violence's and to deny parole to asylum seekers
at low flight-risk (under previous administrations, such
migrants would have qualified for release while their
case was being processed). Trump's so-called Return to
Mexico policy moved asylum seekers awaiting court
dates to often-dangerous border towns in northern

Mexico, where their safety, and even lives, were
endangered."! Children as young as 4 months, whose
families were seeking asylum, have been separated
from their parents.” An official audit estimated that at
least 3000 children were forcibly separated from their
parents and detained before the president's zero-
tolerance policy was supposedly ended in June, 2018,
amid much criticism.”” However, evidence presented in
court suggested that separations of children from their
parents continued after that date and that the number
of separated children is probably higher than the
government acknowledged '*

President Trump's attempted termination of special
programmes, such as the DACA and Temporary
Protected Status (TPS), also attracted criticism. DACA
has allowed some young adults who were brought to
the USA as children to remain in the country and pursue
education and work. Similarly, TPS afforded such
protection to immigrants from some nations that were
made unsafe by natural disasters or, less commonly,
armed conflict. Trump's proposed changes threatened
nearly 1 million immigrants nationwide."* Thousands of
immigrants with DACA and TPS (and millions of other
immigrants) serve as front-line workers in health care,
food production and distribution, and other essential
industries, exposing themselves to the risk of COVID-19
infection during the pandemic.

Additional policy changes implemented by President
Trump threaten the immigration status of migrants with
permanent resident status (so-called green card holders)
or with valid visas. The administration changed the rules
used to assess whether an immigrant is likely to become
a public charge (ie, reliant on tax-funded programmes).
The new rules would make many families who use

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

publicly funded services ineligible for re-entering
the USA or upgrading their immigration status,
curtailing immigrants participation in health-related
programmes such as Medicaid and the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)* Immigrants
fear and confusion in response to the public charge rule
are likely to hamper efforts in identifying and isolating
people with COVID-19.

Migrants secking entry to the USA increasingly find
their way barred and those already residing in the
country face mounting risks of deportation. The Obama
administration's emphasis on deporting individuals with
criminal convictions gave way to a policy of deporting
persons irrespective of criminal activity, including green
card holders and even US military veterans who commit
minor infractions.”* Based on these rules, virtually every
non-US citizen could be subject to detention and removal.

The rapid expansion of immigration detention, often
in abysmal conditions, has had detrimental health
effects, including promoting the spread of diseases such
as mumps and measles.” As of September, 2019, at
least seven children had died of influenza or other
illnesses while in immigration custody.“* Yet the Trump
administration rebuffed efforts by medical groups to
provide influenza vaccinations to detainees and also
resisted urgent calls to release detainees from facilities
that have COVID-19 outbreaks. Although lawsuits have
forced some facilities to release immigration detainees to
reduce the spread ofCOVID-19, the Trump administration
vigorously defended its efforts to detain as many
immigrants as possible.

Health effects

Some initial studies have identified associations between
President Trump's election and reductions in health-
seeking behaviours and worsening health for immi-
grants and their families, especially among Latinx
populations irrespective of immigration status." For
instance, a cohort analysis of nearly 25 000 deliveries in
Texas found that Latinx mothers had delayed their first
prenatal visit and received fewer prenatal visits after a
rise in anti-immigration rhetoric. These studies add to
previous evidence that links exclusionary immigration
policies mandating aggressive enforcement and deporta-
tion to poor health outcomes,º including worsened
cardiovascular risk factors, inflammation,'º anxiety and
sleep problems,“ and pre-term births'* Conversely,
policies conferring legal protection against deportation
for immigrants, like DACA, were associated with
improved mental health."* The COVID-19 pandemic's
disproportionate effect on Latinx people highlights the
importance of assuring that immigrants feel safe when
seeking medical advice and care.

Longiterm health harms will also be caused by the
separation of children from parents at the US-Mexico
border, which violated both long-standing medical
guidelines and the UN Convention on the Rights of the

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

Child (UNCRC). The core principles of the UNCRC
include non-discrimination, devotion to the best interests
ofthe child, the right to life, and respect for the views of
the child, all of which have been violated at the border by
ICE and other agencies. Detained children are at an
increased risk for developmental delays, poor psycho-
logical adjustment, depression, anxiety, post-traumatic
stress disorder, and other behavioural problems.”
Numerous US medical and scientific groups have issued
statements protesting family separations and noting the
negative consequences for children's brain development
and mental health, including a declaration by the
American Academy of Pediatrics that “children...should
never be detained, nor...separated from a parent” “ unless
a family court determines that it is in the best interest
of the child. Pushback from the medical community
has also included demonstrations, notably a protest
by hundreds of health-care professionals against the
Trump administration's immigration policies during a
visit by Melania Trump to Boston Medical Center (Boston,
MA, USA).

Practical steps to protect immigrants

Clinicians and public health professionals have worked to
support migrant families and ensure that immigration
status does not obstruct care. These efforts have included:
partnering with legal organisations to do medical and
psychological evaluations for asylum seekers, embedding
immigration legal-navigators in clinical care settings,
ensuring that hospitals are protected from on-site
immigration enforcement to the fullest extent permitted
by law and avoiding recording immigration status in
medical records when such information is not essential
for care.”

We have noted our recommendations of steps needed
toreverse the harmful effects of the Trump administration
policies on immigrants and their communities (table 1).
The Hippocratic Oath commits physicians to serve all
patients irrespective of where they come from. During
this crucial time when immigrants are particularly being
ostracised and face substantial adverse health conse-
quences (which have been exacerbated by the COVID-19
pandemic), health professionals have a duty to use their
skills and privilege to ensure that immigrant patients
receive the best care possible.

Section 4: The modern opioid epidemic

Drug overdose is the leading cause of death for US people
younger than 50 years” Although opioid overdose
was largely responsible for the declining life expectancy
among white people (at least before the COVIDA9
pandemic)”? Black US residentis had the sharpest
increase in opioid overdose deaths between 2012 and
2018.” Since the emergence of COVID-19, 40 of 50 states
have reported increases in overdose deaths,” which could
be attributable to decreased access to treatment and harm
reduction services, relapses because of pandemic-related

Formareon howclinicians can

shield immigrantpatients see
httpyfdoctorsforimmigrants.

com/

7a
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

Too with opioid withdrawal were exposed to drugs (eg,

% buprenorphine) prescribed for their mothers to treat
3 opioid use disorder, a situation in which newborn baby
withdrawal is both expected and readily treatable." Yet,
rather than highlighting the benefits of treatment, media
reports of Melania Trump's high-profile visits to hospitals
often featured disturbing images of infants with new-
born baby opioid withdrawal syndrome, which could
5 stigmatise treatment with medications and discourage
pregnant women from seeking it. Such stigmatisation
is redolent of the prenatal cocaine exposure theories
(commonly known as the crack baby scare) of the
1980s and 1990s. During that time, preliminary research
findings'* (later recognised as being exaggerated and
"| —inaccurate)'” suggested that cocaine-exposed infants had
irreparable damage, breeding fear, and stigmatisation of

Year low-income children and mothers of colour.

Figure 7: Percent of US residents without health insurance (1963-2019) Since 2016, other federal initiatives have sought to
Data from Commission analysis of data from the Council of Economic Advisors! and the National Health Interviews! expand access to medications to treat opioid use disorder

25

20

Uninsurance rate (%)

10

 

04 TAIT TT
DEM. ID E 1 E IA SD O A
PEPLIPESPELES PIS DES

 

 

 

economic stress and social isolation, and increased
variability in the purity of drugs in illicit drug markets.
During the Obama administration, the federal
government's approach to substance use disorders began
shifting from punishment toward treatment. This shift
followed increased media attention on overdose deaths
among white US residents. The change in attitude greatly
contrasts with the decades-long war on drugs, when
racialised images of drug users fostered the criminalisa-
tion of drug use and mass incarceration (mostly of Black
and Latinx men). President Trump's Opioid and Drug
Abuse Commission of 2017, the 21st Century Cures Act
of 2016, the 2018 NIH Helping to End Addiction Long-
term (HEAL) initiative, and Melania Trump's 2018 Be Best
campaign have all focused on enhancing treatment.
Unfortunately, this treatment-oriented response has
been applied unevenly and inequitably. Legislators from
districts where opioid-related deaths among white
constituents were rising often supported expanded
treatment, whereas similar increases in mortality among
Black constituents were less likely to trigger such
support.” Harm reduction measures, such as syringe
exchange and medically supervised overdose prevention
sites, remain illegal in most states. Moreover, pregnant
women who use drugs (whose numbers are rising)” are
increasingly subjected to punitive measures such as
criminal prosecution or child abuse reporting, contrary
to the advice of major medical and public health
organisations.”” Such policies deter women from
attending prenatal care visits or engaging in treatment,”
which can worsen maternal and infant health outcomes.
The situation has been scarcely helped by
Melania Trump's widely publicised Be Best campaign.
Her public awareness campaign focused on withdrawal
syndrome in newborn babies and failed to differentiate
between infants exposed to prescribed maternal medi-
cations and those exposed to illicit drugs. Most infants

and bring new medications and delivery devices to
market by streamlining the approval process and
augmenting funding for public-private partnerships to
develop them. These approaches, while likely to enrich
drug firms, risk omitting important social components
of treatment and bypassing communities of colour.

Buprenorphine and methadone reduce non-prescribed
opioid use and overdose deaths,“ but will not end the
overdose epidemic unless reforms to health financing,
augmented prevention efforts, and attention to the social
roots of drug use are also made. Access to medication
treatment remains difficult and racially disparate. Patients
must often pay for buprenorphine out-of-pocket and
white non-Latinx patients with opioid use disorder are
3-4 times more likely than Black patients to receive
buprenorphine."ss Additionally, insufficient resources
are available for harm reduction services that reduce the
lethality of substance use, reduce the stigma associated
with substance use and treatment, outreach to margin-
alised communities, and mitigate the concentrated
poverty and hopelessness that breed drug use.”*

The pharmaceutical industry has obstructed efforts to
shift public funding to these essential social and public
health needs or assure that medication-based therapies are
affordable. That industry has virtually unchecked power to
set drug prices in the USA, and inordinate influence on
drug research and regulation, including US Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) approvals of opioids.'” Public
research funding (notably the NIH HEAL initiative)
emphasises the development of patentable new tech-
nologies for the treatment of pain and opioid use disorder;
the resulting products will surely be unaffordable to many
who need them. Groups that are marginalised by race,
gender, sexual orientation, or socioeconomic status are
rarely mentioned in opioid legislation.”"

Bold changes are urgenily needed and marginalised
groups, patients, and affected communities must be
afforded a role in designing and implementing them.

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

Policy makers should immediately lower barriers to
treatment by decriminalising drug use, removing
current restrictions that prohibit pharmacies from
dispensing methadone and require a special certification
for clinicians seeking to prescribe buprenorphine or
methadone, allowing supervised injection facilities, and
encouraging the distribution of clean injection equipment
and naloxone. To guide medical interventions, research
should separate out the long-term effects of in utero
opioid exposure from co-existing risks such as maternal
alcohol and tobacco use and social deprivation:” In
the longer term, research and policy should prioritise
addressing social determinants of drug use and health
and promote relevant health and social services, without
putting emphasis on expensive new technologies.

Section 5: Slowing the progress toward UHC

In 2014, one year before Donald Trump announced his
presidential run, the major provisions of the ACA were
implemented. By the time of his inauguration in
January, 2017, 20 million US residents had newly enrolled
in health coverage, although 28 million remained
uninsured "?

Against this backdrop, President Trump's health
financing policies—engineered to reduce health cover-
age—seem to be an aberration, a detour from the path
toward greater health protection. Yet, the truth is more
complicated. Despite Trump's policies being vastly
different from previous administrations, they continued
neoliberal traditions of deregulation, privatisation, and
austerity (for low-income communities) that originated
in the 1980s.

Health-care financing before the Trump era
After a half century of failed efforts to enact national
health insurance, the 1965 passage of Medicare (for
older US residents) and Medicaid (for some low-income
US residents), cut the uninsurance rate by approximately
half (figure 7).*:* Despite hope that additional reforms
would complete the transition to UHC, President Reagan's
election in 1980 dashed these hopes (panel 4). Reagan's
health policies prefigured President Trump's push to
privatise Medicare and Medicaid (panel 5)? cut
services for low-income communities, and deregulate
insurers and medical providers. The mix of austerity and
pro-market policies was advertised as a cure for medical
inflation. Yet, US health spending rose during Reagan's
presidency and began diverging from that of other high-
income nations (Agure 8)!

The defeat of President Clinton's effort to expand
coverage in 1994 stifled progress until President Obama's
election in 2008. After fierce debate in Congress, the
Democrats passed the ACA. The law halved the number
of uninsured people (figure 7), mostly by expanding the
Medicaid programme (a provision made optional for
states by a US Supreme Court decision in 2012). It
mandated that large employers (ie, 50 employees) offer

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

Panel 4: The evolution ofUS health policy

In 1948, President Truman's plan for national health insurance
(NH) was defeated in part because of a campaign led by the
American Medical Association. This defeat caused the

Truman administration to narrow the scope of its proposal,
advocating instead for a public insurance plan for older

US adults, which became known as Medicare. ltwas
eventuallysigned into law by President Johnson in 1965
(together with Medicaid, a joint federal-state programme for
some people with low incomes). Medicare and Medicaid
reducedthe ranks of uninsured people, forced hospitals to end
overt racial segregation, and increased health equity.
However, many people remained uncovered.

Inthe early 19705, NHI bills similarto Truman's—and to
Medicarefor All reforms that are currently under discussion—
gained wide support. In response, President Nixon proposed
a hybrid alternative builton private insurance, butthe
Watergatescandal derailed the reform debate. The push for
NHlfaded under President Carter, and ended with

President Reagan's election in 1980.

Reagan's health policies prefigured President Trumps. Similarto
Trump, Reagan embraced austerity for Medicaid, eliminating
coverage for at least 500000 people. Between 1981 and 1988,
US longevity began to lag and uninsurance rates increased.

Reagan also presaged Trump's efforts to privatise Medicare
and Medicaid. As California's governor, Reagan pioneered
subcontracting Medicaidto private managed-care firms,
offering them capitation payments and the rightto keep
funds not spent on care. As president, Reagan expanded this
Medicaid payment strategy to other states and initiated a
similar programme for Medicare. These taxpayer-funded
programmes now account forthe majority of private health
insurers' revenues.

Reagan also initiated a neoliberal approach to health-care
infrastructure, ending federal restrictions on hospital
expansion andthereby fuelling cost growth. Eliminating
analogous state-level certificate-of-need requirements was
onTrump'sagenda.

Popular demands for universal coverage re-emerged with
President Clinton's election in 1992. His reform proposal
closely resembled Nixon's public-private model, abandoning
the Democrats' long-standing advocacy for NHI. However,
the proposal was defeated, a testament to the rightward shift
ofbothmajor parties.

Health reform retumed to the national agenda with the

2008 election. Similarto Clinton, President Obama proposed
a hybrid plan that echoed Nixon's. Despite this heterodox
lineage, however, when the Affordable Care Act passed

in 2010, Republican congressional opposition was unanimous.

   

coverage and that most uninsured individuals purchase
it, created new insurance marketplaces where uninsured
individuals could purchase federally subsidised private

723
The Lancet Commissions

 

Panel 5: Medicare Advantage-privatising publicly financed coverage

The federal Medicare programme covers older US residents (aged >64 years), some people
who are disabled, and people with end-stage renal disease. Initially, the programme paid
providers directly. However, in 1982, it began offering older peoplethe option ofenrolling
in private managed-care plans, with Medicare paying the premiums. The private plans,
initially called Medicare Health Maintenance Organizations and now known as Medicare
Advantage plans, currently enrol 36% of Medicare beneficiaries. In 2019, private insurers.
derived US$371-4 billion from Medicare,“: 28-8% of their total revenues.

Fraud and scandal related to the capitated programme was reported from the outset.
Inthe 19805, the operator of Florida's largest Medicare HMO collected US$781 million
from Medicareto cover 197 000 enrollees but neglected to pay doctors and hospitals for
their care;'* the operator then abscondedto Spain.”

Other private plans reaped profits legally by selecting relatively healthy, low-cost older
enrollees, and pushing high-cost patients to transferto fully public traditional-style
Medicare:**

Although plans are prohibited from explicitly excluding unprofitable enrollees, they use
subtle legal methods that accomplish the same thing.º After the government began
using enrollees' diagnoses to risk-adjust the capitation premiums, plans began
circumventing risk adjustment by recruiting minimally symptomatic older enrollees who
require little care but carry particular diagnoses (eg, arthritis) that boost the capitation
payments ** and upcoding (ie, labelling patients with diagnoses that would otherwise be
ignored but increase the capitation rates).*"

These strategies have allowed private insurers to collect far more fromthe government.
(US$24 billion annually according to Medicare's official oversight commission)º than
Medicare Advantage enrollees would have costif covered by traditional fully public
Medicare. Most ofthe excess payment goes for plans' overhead and profits, estimated at
US$1360to US$1608 annually per enrollee. However, the private plans use a fraction of
theoverpaymentsto offer extra benefits like gym memberships, allowing Medicare
Advantage plans to outcompete traditional Medicare, despite raising Medicare's costs and
restricting enrollees' choice of doctors and hospitals.

coverage, and required insurers to cover a package of
essential health benefits and to stop denying coverage to
people with pre-existing medical conditions. Finally, the
ACA mandated so-caled value-based payment reforms
for Medicare, and a provision that went largely unnoticed
by the media and public imposed a 3-8% surtax on the
investment income of high-income US taxpayers. Not
surprisingly, the ACA was not well-received by high-
income conservatives, despite improving access to care"

and saving lives.»

However, large gaps in coverage and access persisted “s
28 million remained uninsured at the time of Trump's
election, resulting in an estimated 37000 premature
deaths in 2017”* Moreover, the law failed to stem the
growing trend of underinsurance (ie, coverage with such
high cost sharing that enrollees still cannot afford care).””
In 2016, more than one-third of adults under the age of
65 years (including 25% of those with insurance)
reported problems with medical bills or medical debtand
a similar proportion went without needed medical care
because of cost.** Meanwhile, bankruptcies stemming in
whole or in part from illness remained common after the

introduction of the ACA **

Trump capitalised, albeit dishonestly, on the dissatis-
faction concerning these persistent problems. He vowed
to repeal the ACA and promised-—atypically for a
Republican—to protect Medicaid and Medicare?" and to
fight price gouging by the unpopular pharmaceutical
industry. In other words, despite disparaging Obama's
ACA, he posed as a health-care populist. Unfortunately,
Trump's vow to protect Medicaid and Medicare proved to
be a sham and his promise to take on the pharmaceutical
industry produced few results. His threat to repeal the
ACA, however, was serious and nearly effective (ie, the
House of Representatives in Congress passed repeal
legislation, but it failed in the Senate).

The battle against the ACA

The debate over repealing the ACA was ongoing before
President Trump's inauguration. Republicans had repeat-
ediy introduced repeal bills during President Obama's
time in office but the assurance of a presidential veto
rendered them purely symbolic. However, the American
Health Care Act (AHCA) that the Republicans introduced
in March, 2017, posed a real threat to health-care coverage.
That bill would have cut federal Medicaid spending
by US$839 billion over a decade,” slashed subsidies to
lowincome individuals for the purchase of private
insurance, and weakened protections for people with pre-
existing conditions. The Congressional Budget Office
(CBO) estimated that passage of the bill would nearly
double the number of uninsured people.” The funds
freed up by these cuts were to be redirected to cover the
cost of tax breaks for corporations and the elimination of
the ACA's surtax on high-income individuals, granting
them a US$172 billion windfall >”

The AHCA passed the House of Representatives in
May, 2017. However, the companion bill was narrowly
defeated in the Senate after the last-minute defection of a
few Republican senators. This defection was driven by
the bills unpopularity (one poll found that only 17% of
US people supported it)” and a surge of grassroots
opposition; in a dramatic moment, disabled activists
were hauled out of Republican congressional offices in
their wheelchairs.

Subsequently, Republicans mostly stopped trying to
overhaul the health-care system with a single sweeping
piece of legislation. However, Trump was deterred rather
than defeated. He resorted to executive actions and small
legislative steps that gradually weakened the ACA and
advanced a market-based vision.

Weakening the regulation of private insurance

On Jan 20, 2017—the day President Trump took office—
he issued the first of several executive orders and actions
on health-care financing (table 2)” The order stated his
intention to disregard parts of the ACA until it was no
longer law and looked ahead to a “free and open market
in...health-care services and health insurance”! In the
same year, his administration abruptly stopped funding

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

for advertising that encouraged enrolment in ACA
plans.

Since 2017, Trump has subjected the ACA to
unrelenting—and often factually inaccurate—rhetorical
attacks. From January, 2017, to April, 2019, he made
662 misleading or outright false statements about health
care in the USA,?: nearly half of which were related to
the stability or repeal of the ACA. He shortened the
duration of the ACA insurance enrolment periods for
2017-18, and slashed funding for so-called navigators
(agencies that help individuals navigate the ACA's
complex enrolment process).2s

To undermine the ACA's requirements that private
insurers cover essential benefits and enrol applicants
regardless of their health conditions, the Trump
administration expanded loopholes that made some
insurance plans exempt from those rules. These exempt
plans (table 2) charge lower premiums but provide paltry
coverage (eg, excluding maternity care). They mostly
attract healthy enrollees who are anticipated to need little
care, raising concern that they would take such enrollees
away from the ACA marketplace, destabilising its risk
pool.” The administration also tried to end payments that
compensate ACA marketplace insurers for the cost-
sharing subsidies they must offer low-income enrollees (a
move blocked by the courts). Meanwhile, the Republican-
controlled Congress eliminated the ACA's penalty for
being uninsured, part of legislation that also provided new
tax benefits for high-income individuals and corporations,
including pharmaceutical firms.

These attacks on the ACA have had smaller effects than
many people had feared. The ending of the individual
mandate and broadened availability of substandard,
exempt insurance have not drawn many enrollees away
from the ACA marketplaces, probably because subsidies
continue to make marketplace premiums attractive. Yet,
these deregulatory actions reveal Trump's underlying
agenda, which was to complete the transformation of
health care into a market commodity available to those
who can afford it, not a universal service financed by the
community. Unfortunately, Trump's efforts to undermine
Medicaid have been consequential.

Weakening Medicaid
In March, 2017, administration officials sent a letter to
the nation's governors urging them to adopt changes to
Medicaid that previous administrations had prohibited.
These changes included the imposition of new outof
pocket costs on low-income enrollees, and a requirement
that many adult enrollees work at least 80 h a month or
actively seek work.

Many states subsequently applied for and received
waivers allowing them to adopt these changes. However,
work requirements were blocked by the courts.”* In
Arkansas, the only state that implemented them before
the courts stepped in, the new rules created widespread
confusion and bureaucratic barriers for low-income

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

 

1005, -e- Canada
z

“e France

18 —- Germany
uk

16) Sousa

14

Healthcare spending (95 GDP)

o

 

=
PLS SS

vear

 

o

%,
“

Ss Es
PIPAS

%,

 

 

Figure 8: Health-care spending in five wrealthy nations (1970-2018)
Data from Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development!

beneficiaries, almost all of whom should have remained
eligible for Medicaid 2º About 18000 people were forced
out of coverage but employment rates didn't increase.2º

Before the COVID-19 pandemic the Trump admin-
istration had proposed US$920 billion in Medicaid cuts
over the next decade” and was poised to require
burdensome checks to verify eligibility for Medicaidand
tighten standards that have allowed some older, employed
people with disabilities to receive Medicaid = It was
hoping to replace the open-ended federal funding com-
mitment with restricted block grants for some states?!

During Trump's first 3 years in office, the number
of US residents without coverage rose by 2.3 million,
mostly because of a reduction in Medicaid coverage-=
The coverage trend for children (aged <19 years) was
especially worrisome as an additional 726000 of them
became uninsured.” Before the COVID-19 pandemic the
CBO predicted a steady rise in uninsured US people to
35 million in 20277” However, their estimate didn't account
for the millions who lost jobs and employment-related
coverage because of the pandemic, although the precise
extent of the coverage losses is currently unknown.

Even more people will lose coverage if the US Supreme
Court overtums the ACA. In its 2012 decision, the court
upheld most of the law, reasoning that Congress
constitutional authority to levy taxes allowed it to impose
penalties for failure to purchase insurance. However, after
Congress reduced the penalty to US$0, a federal court in
Texas ruled that the entire ACA was unconstitutional.
The case is now under appeal at the US Supreme Court,
with Trump's Justice Department having weighed in to
support the Texas court's ruling.

The conservative health-care financing vision

President Trump's long-term plans for health-care reform
were explained in a little-noticed October, 2017, white paper
that advocated “choice and competition in health-care
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

Orderoraction

Key provisions.

Effects

 

Jan 20, 2017.

Oct 12,2017

Oct 12,2017

April, 2019

June 24,2019

Oct3, 2019

Nov12, 2019

Sept 13, 2020

ACA=Affordable Care Act AHP= Association Health Plan. CBO=Congressional Budget Office. CSRP=cost-sharing reduction payments. GDPagross domestic product HRA=Health Reimbursement Accounts.
HSAzhealth savings accounts. HHS=US Department of Health and Human Services. OECD=Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. STLDl=Short-term Limited Duration Insurance.

Executive Order Minimizing the
Economic Burden of the Patient.
Protection andACA

Presidential Executive Order
Promoting Healthcare Choice and
Competition Across the United States

Ending CSRPs

2020 Medicare Advantage and PartD
Rate Announcementand FinalCall
Letter Fact Sheet

Executive Order on Improving Price
and QualityTransparency in American
Healthcare to Put Patients First

Executive Order on Protecting and
Improving Medicare for Our Nation's

Seniors

Proposed Rule: Medicaid Fiscal
Accountability Regulation.

Executive Order on Lowering Drug
Prices by Putting America First

and services.

allowed for upto 3 years

paymentsin 2017.

based pricing of services in traditional Medicare

care providers and insurers.

select high-cost drugs

Announces Trumps intention to repealthe ACA; instructs government
agenciesto avoid implementing ACA provisions (within the confinesof
the law) and work toward a free and open market in health-care insurance

Expand use of tax-advantaged HRAS, including for non-group coverage;
loosensACA rulesthathad restricted two types of plans exempt fromthe
ACA's coverage rules: (1) AHPS, which allow employer associations to offer
exempt insurance, and (2) STLDI, previously limitedto <3 months but now

CSRPs are subsidies (along with premium subsidies) paid to insurersto
reduceout-of-pocket costs for low-income people purchasing ACA
marketplace plans; after a court ruling that Congress had not explicitiy
appropriated funding for CSRP, the Obama administration continued the
payments pending appeal; the Trump administration abruptiy ended the

Allowed Medicare Advantage plans, but not traditional Medicare, to offer
incentives for entolment; increased Medicare Advantage payments rates
by 5.62% (102% above the rate increase calculated previously) similar
increases were granted in two previous years (2017 and 2018)

Announces plansto increase pricetransparency to encourage patientsto
shop for health-care services va:(1) requiring hospitals to publicly post both
charges and negotiated payment rates for selectiveservices, (2) consideration
ofaruleto inform consumers oftheir possible out-of-pocket coststo
patients, and (3) expand use of high-deductible health plans, and useof
HSAS, by increasing theamountof HSA funds that can be rolledoverto the
following year, and permitting funds to be used for direct primary care

(also knowm as concierge care) and health-care-sharing religious ministries|
Contends that Medicare for All could cause the failure of the Medicare
programme; calls for so-called value-based payment methodologies within
Medicare; calls for more plan choices for older enroliees via: (1) expanded
use of medical savings accounts, (2) permitting Medicare Advantage plans
to pay beneficiaries cash rebates, (3) ensuring that traditional Medicare has
no advantages over Medicare Advantage, and (4) exploring ways to make
traditional Medicare payments resemble those of commercial insurers and
Medicare Advantage plans; calls for relaxing network adequacy
requirements for Medicare Advantage plans and pre-emption of state laws
testricting hospital expansions; calls for reducing barrier to licensing of
non-US-trained physicians, participation of non-physician providers,

and reducing payment differences between physician and non-physician
providers; revocation of unnecessary barriers to private contracts between
Medicare beneficiaries and providers; calls for allowing older enrollcesto
easily opt out of Medicare coverage for inpatient care; calls for market-

Bans federal Medicaid match of funds states collect from taxes on health
Deciares that Medicare will pay no more for certain prescription drugs than

OECD nations with comparable GDP per capita, calls for HHS secretany to
develop model programmes to implement (and study) this approach for

ACA repeal efforts (failed); efforts to rollback provisions of.
the ACA and implement market-based reforms,

Lax federal ruleon AHPs and STLDIisissued in August,
2018; AHP expansion challenged and invalidated in federal
court, and is currentiy under appeal; STLDI expansion likely
toincrease enrolmentin such plans by 1-4 million (some
states banned STLDI, limiting its effect)

Many people feared that ending CSRPs would damagethe
ACA marketplaces; paradoxically the ACA plans”
affordability to lowincome enrolleesimproved, because
insurers increased their premium triggering automatic
increases in premium subsidies. Only high-income people
purchasing unsubsidised insurance on the ACA
marketplaces faced higher costs, as did the federaltreasury,
whichwil bear additional costs of nearly US$200 billion
over adecade, accordingto a 2017 CBO estimate”?

Gave private Medicare Advantage plans a competitive
edgeover publicly administered Medicare; increased
overpaymentsto Medicare Advantage plans

Rule releasedon Nov 15, 2019, requires hospitals to make
publicallcharges and negotiated payments for at least
300 selected services; on Nov 15, 2019, the administration
released a proposed rulethat would require insurersto
provide information about cost-sharingto enrollees

Intended toweaken traditional Medicare and accelerate
the privatisation of coverage for older enrollees; likely to
increase costs for older people and taxpayers in the
long-term

Would reduce federal Medicaid spending by
US$283 bilion and total (federal and state) Medicaid
spending by USS44.0 bilion annually

International index pricing would reducedrug prices;
however, executive order has no immediate effect and
will face court challenges; in December, 2019, Trump
promised to veto an index pricing bill

 

Table2: Examples of executive orders and actions on health-care financing during the Trump era

 

 

726

markets” ?” rhetorical cover for deregulation and commer-
cialisation. It called for the government to expand the
supply of doctors, hospitals, and other providers by
deregulating them (eg, relaxing professional licensing
standards). It also called for deregulating private insurance,
on the premise that the USA's exorbitant health-care costs
are caused by state and federal (ie, ACA) requirements that

force insurers to provide excessively generous benefits, a
claim that would surprise the 41 million US residents who
are underinsured** To remedy the profligate use of care it
would cut benefit packages, raise deductibles, and
encourage patients to shop for lower-cost providers.

Over the past 4 years, the Trump administration
gradually advanced its market-based agenda, including

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

efforts to divert funds from the Veterans Health Admin-
istration (VA) to purchase private care for veterans”* and,
most prominentiy, by pushing forward the creeping
privatisation of Medicare that started with the Reagan
administration (panel 5) 2º mirroring strategies to under.
mine the UK National Health Service that begun under
Margaret Thatcher in the 198052 Ultimately, many
Republicans hope to replace Medicare's current uniform
guarantee of benefits with a voucher that older enrollees
could use to shop among private insurance plans,** with
affluent older people able to supplement the voucher
and purchase more generous coverage and preferential
access to care.

Trump's promise to restrict the power of pharmaceutical
companies proved empty. His 2017 tax cut law yielded a
US$7 billion windfall to just four pharmaceutical firms
in 2018 alone? which they have deployed for stock
buybacks. Trump released many executive orders
on drug pricing, including several in July and
September, 2020. However, they have had little effect.
Meanwhile, pharmaceutical regulation by the FDA,
already weakened by the 21st Century CURES Act passed
in 2016, has faltered under Trump. FDA enforcement
actions, such as safety warnings about medications
or devices, have been greatly reduced”: During the
COVID-19 pandemic, Trump promoted hydroxy-
chloroquine as a miracle cure and the FDA issued (and
subsequently revoked) an emergency use authorisation
endorsing its use. Subsequently, the FDA promoted the
efficacy of convalescent plasma, despite a paucity of
evidence, and suggested its readiness to approve a
vaccine even before phase 3 trials had been completed.
Therefore, despite his populist, antidrug company
rhetoric, Trump's administration pursued a deregulatory,
pro-corporate, and politicised pharmaceutical agenda at
the expense of science.

Damaging as Trump's policies have been, they are not
an aberration but an aggressive acceleration of decades-
old trends toward deregulation and market-based reforms
that have favoured large organisations and increased
costs. Encouraged by the shift to value-based purchasing
mandated by the ACA, massive health-care systems have
bought up independent hospitals and physician practices
and used their monopoly power to leverage higher fees.=*
Following major mergers, hospitals' profits have risen, the
availability of primary care and other services has fallen,
promised quality improvements have failed to materialise,
and the experiences of patients have worsened””

Investor-owned firms now employ tens of thousands
of physicians and have increased for-profit hospitals
market share by 8 percentage points in the past
15 years.” Most US outpatient haemodialysis centres,”*
nursing homes,” inpatient psychiatric facilities, health
maintenance organisations, and even hospices”" are
now for-profit.

The evidence on the clinical and cost implications
of investor ownership is worrisome. Mortality rates in

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

for-profit dialysis facilities are higher than in non-profit
facilities, with the differences implying that for:profit
ownership is associated with up to 3800 excess deaths
annually in the USA” Studies also suggest that the
quality of care is inferior at for-profit nursing homes?s24
and home care agencies, and that for-profit hospices
avoid unprofitable patients.” Venture capital and private
equity firms have pushed dermatologists they employ to
boost revenues by promoting cosmetic procedures”
implemented billing practices that saddle emergency
patients with surprise bills," and closed urban hospitals
sitting on valuable real estate.” For-profit hospitals have
higher costs than both public and non-profit hospitals”?
and often select services on the basis of profitability,
resulting in loss of emergency services and harm to
communities.”

An alternative vision

The Biden administration should take a different
approach. Within the framework of the current financing
system, reforms could recover lost progress for Medicaid
enrollees, close the gaps in Medicare's benefits package,
and reverse the costly privatisation of Medicare and
the VA. These incremental steps, although beneficial,
would leave tens of millions of US residents uninsured
(or greatly underinsured) and many other problems
unaddressed.

During his campaign, President Biden proposed
lowering the eligibility age for Medicare from 65 years
to 60 years, increasing subsidies for the purchase of
insurance, and offering for sale a Medicare-like public
plan (a so-called public option) that would compete with
private insurers. This approach could expand health
insurance coverage. However, many people covered by
Medicare or private insurance would still face onerous
co-pays (ie, an out-of pocket payment required for each
service) and deductibles, and millions of people would
remain uninsured. Additionally, such a multi-payer
reform would retain private insurers, whose own high
overhead (ie, their profits and administrative costs), along
with the billing-related tasks they impose on doctors,
hospitals, and other providers, drive up health-care
administrative costs, which totalled US$812 billion
in 2017” In the absence of savings on administration
that could offset the costs of increased coverage, a
coverage expansion would cause US health-care spending,
which is already twice the Organisation for Economic
Co-operation and Development per-capita average, to rise
further”

Instead, we recommend a single-payer reform-—often
referred to as Medicare for All—that would cover all
residents under a single, federally financed plan pro-
viding comprehensive coverage. It should depart from
Medicare's current payment strategies by excluding
private managed-care plans, adopting a drug-benefit
programme modelled on the VA's version,” and paying
hospitals lump-sum operating budgets rather than on a

ny
The Lancet Commissions

 

n8

per-patient basis. Funding for new buildings and major
equipment should be allocated separately, rather than
being derived from hospitals surplus operating revenues.
This step would minimise incentives for hospitals to
focus on profitable patients and services and enable
region-wide health planning. It would also allow reme-
diation of inequities that have left IHS hospitals,” and
those serving Black and Latinx patients * with poor
facilities and equipment.

Medicare for All faces major political obstacles,
notably fierce opposition from pharmaceutical, health
insurance, and for-profit hospital firms. However, the
programme is gaining popular support, is backed by
the majority of Democrats in Congress and the USA's
largest nurses union, and was endorsed by the American
College of Physicians (which has 163000 members) in
January, 2020. By contrast to other health reform
proposals, it could simplify the financing system, which
would reduce expenditures on medical billing and
administration by US$626 billion annually>” Based on
such savings, 20 of 22 economic analyses,” a health
policy guidance published in The Lancet,* and an esti-
mate by the official Congressional Budget Office”"have
projected that single-payer reform would reduce overall
health-care spending, even as it achieved universal
coverage.

Such reform could also reverse the harmful shift
toward the commercialisation of care that began in
earnest in the 1980. Most importantly, it could
inaugurate a new era of respect for the human right to
health and health care.

Section 6: Food, nutrition, and public health

The importance of food to health is selfevident: people
must eat to live and must eat healthily to maximise
longevity. Even before the onset of the COVID-19
pandemic, the public health burden of current US food
production and consumption systems was clear. Nearly
11% of US residents were food insecure,” more than
42% of adults” and 19% of youth were obese)º and
approximately 17% were affected by foodborne illness
every year, causing 128000 hospitalisations and
3000 deaths.

The COVID-19 pandemic revealed systemic flaws in a
food system that fails to protect against hunger and diet-
influenced non-communicable diseases. It also exposes
the conditions that made people who are living on
low-incomes, disenfranchised, discriminated-against,
and chronically ill the most vulnerable to harm from
COVID-19. It particularly revealed the plight of formerly
invisible workers on farms and in meatpacking plants,
forced by presidential invocation of the 1950 Defense
Production Act to work under crowded conditions that
put them at high risk of contracting illness. Despite
food banks being overwhelmed by demands from
people who were newly unemployed and destitute,
farmers destroyed food that could not be sold. Billions

of dollars in government relief efforts were delayed, not
always targeted to those most in need, and inadequate
to meet demands.”*2º

Before the Trump era
The USA has a long history of enacting policies aimed at
addressing hunger, obesity, and foodborne illness, but
these policies have never been coordinated. Instead, they
evolved during the 20th century in response to specific
crises as they arose and their regulatory authority was
assigned to whichever agency seemed most appropriate
at the time. The US Government Accountability Office
has called for better coordination of food safety oversight

for more than 40 years.”

Hunger policies
During the Great Depression of the 1930s, vast numbers of
US residents lacked money to buy food and farmers could
not sell the food they produced; the government responded
by initiating food relief programmes. During World War 2,
nearly half of military recruits were rejected ftom service
because of malnutrition. By the 1960s, the government had
established permanent food assistance programmes,
among them food stamps (now known as SNAP) and
school meals. As these schemes grew in enrolment and
cost, they increasingly raised fiscal concerns and fears of
inducing dependency 52

In the 1990s, President Clinton's election campaign
included a promise to “end welfare as we know it”>*
Following his election, he followed through on that pro-
mise when Congress passed the Personal Responsibility
and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 199%
(PRWORA)2º Along with placing time restrictions on
cash welfare benefits, PRWORA made some categories of
immigrants ineligible for public benefits (including
food stamps), banned the use of food stamps by people
convicted of drug felonies, and introduced work require-
ments for food assistance for some able-bodied adults.
These requirements were considered so damaging to the
low-income population that three assistant secretaries of
the US Department of Health and Human Services
resigned in protest.”º

Because clinical signs of nutrient deficiency rarely
occur, even among low-income US residents, health
authorities instead focus on the risk of malnutrition,
which is determined using categorical measures of
food security. These measures track closely with
poverty—eg, food insecurity peaked at nearly 15% of
the US population following the 2008 recession.”º
Participation in SNAP also increased sharply and
peaked at 52 million people in 2013 but declined as the
economy improved to 43 million by November, 2016,
when President Trump was elected. As a result of
Trump's actions, SNAP participation declined to
36.9 million by February, 2020 but the economic
dislocation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic reversed
thattrend.

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

Obesity policies

During most of the 20th century, obesity affected approxi-
mately 15% of the US population; however, from the
early 1980s onwards, the percentage more than doubled
for adults and tripled for children”: Since the early 20005,
obesity prevalence has stabilised among children but has
continued to increase among adults, particularly among
Latinx, Black, and low-income people.“

Obesity increases the risk of type 2 diabetes, heart
disease, stroke, several cancers, and other conditions
(including severe COVID-19) and is associated with
substantial mortality from these conditions, high medical.
care costs, and reduced productivity” The Obama
administration (ed by Michelle Obama) campaigned to
reduce childhood obesity by improving food access,
school food, food and menu labelling, and by restricting
food marketing to children. Her Lets Move! campaign
encountered relentless opposition from industry groups
who derided it as a so-called nanny-state intervention,
but it nonetheless logged some notable achievements.”!
Whether these measures were responsible for the current
stabilisation of childhood obesity rates is unknown but
successful obesity prevention policies generally include a
combination of efforts to ensure access to healthy foods,
promote physical activity, and provide adequate income,
education, and preventive health care.

Food safety policies
Food safety emerged as a policy issue in 1906 following
publication of Upton Sincairs The Jungle: Congress
responded to the bool's revelations of filthy conditions
in the meatpacking industry by passing two food safety
laws and assigning their oversight to two different
US Department of Agriculture (USDA) agencies, one of
which eventually splitoff to become the EDA. This move
left the USDA mainly responsible for the safety of
meat and poultry products (10-20% of the food supply)
and the FDA in charge of the remaining 80-90%.
However, because of its USDA origins, funding for the
FDA and the USDA comes from congressional agriculture
appropriations committees. These committees keep the
EDA chronically underfunded, despite its substantial food
safety responsibility. ”*

In the mid-1990s, the USDA required meat and poultry
producers to establish pathogen reduction plans. Subse-
quentiy, illnesses from beef sources declined. Under the
Obama administration, the FDA proposed similar rules
for foods under its jurisdiction, extending them to
farms and production facilities. Congress passed the
Food Safety Modernization Act in 2011 and the FDA
has continued to finalise its rules and guidance for
implementation.” Despite these efforts, multistate
outbreaks of illness from contaminated poultry, eggs,
and produce continue to increase. ”*

Widespread outbreaks of COVID-19 among US meat-
packing workers exposed the inadequacies of current
worker-safety measures, despite guidelines for operating

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

such plants and personal measures to prevent viral
transmission. Food safety continues to be a high-risk
issue demanding more effective coordination of over-
sight, enforcement of regulations, and response to
outbreaks.”

Trump-era policies
In every domain of food and nutrition policy, the
Trump administration consistently supported corporate
rather than public health interests, with no policy domain
too insignificant to be ignored. Among its many actions,
the Trump administration weakened standards for
organic foods, permitted the speeding up of poultry
slaughter lines, used farm-support funds for prisons,
allowed finely textured beef (known as pink slime) to be
labelled as ground beef, permitted delays in complying
with menu-labelling regulations, held back on issuing
warning letters to companies violating labelling regula-
tions, and blocked a UN panel (known as the WHO
Independent High-Level Commission on NCDs) from
endorsing soda taxes as a strategy to combat obesity.
Beyond such small measures, the administration's
actions are likely to cause the most lasting damage in
three food areas: the USDA's research programme,
SNAP, and school meals.

Destruction ofthe ERS

The Economic Research Service (ERS) of the USDA is
a relatively small and formerly obscure agency of
approximately 200 economists and scientists who do
non-partisan research on food and nutrition policy. In
August, 2018, the USDA announced that it would relocate
the ERS out of Washington, DC, ostensibly to ease
recruitment, save money on real estate, bring the agency
closer to stakeholders, and enable closer alignment with
USDA policy initiatives.”” None of these reasons held up
to public scrutiny. Instead, the move appeared to be an
attempt to silence scientists whose research produced
results incompatible with the Trump administration's
agenda-—ie, by documenting the benefits of SNAP and
school meal programmes or the less nutritious quality
of meals consumed outside the home. The proposal
immediately elicited congressional protests, hearings,
requests for delays, and legal challenges. While these
were pending, the USDA announced that it was moving
the ERS to Kansas City, MO. Nearly 70% of the scientific
staff chose to resign rather than move, encouraging
one USDA official to exult that this action had “drained
the swamp”,* referring to non-partisan scientists within
ERS whose studies produced results inconvenient to
the administration's agenda. The damage has been done
and it is unlikely that the research capacity of this unit
will recover.

Weakening SNAP
SNAP is by far the largest anti-hunger programme in
the USA and a vital component of the safety net for

79
The Lancet Commissions

 

730

low-income US residents”” In December, 2019, SNAP
provided 37.2 million US adults and children with an
average benefit of US$126 per month per person at a total
cost of US$55-6 billion in benefits and US$4-7 billion
in administrative expenses. Following the onset of the
COVID-19 pandemic, Congress gave states more flexibility
in enrolling applicants and participation quickly increased
to 43 million adults and children, along with an increase
in the average benefit to US$181 per month per person.”

SNAP is demonstrably effective in reducing hunger and
food insecurity. The programme ranks third only to Social
Security and the Earned Income Tax Credit in its ability
to lift low-income US residents out of poverty! SNAP
reduces the well-documented effects of food insecurity on
health. Research strongly associates food insecurity with
poor dietary choices, obesity, and chronic diseases—
mainly type 2 diabetes and heart disease for which obesity
is a risk factor-—along with poor health status and reduced
quality of life. Adults on SNAP tend to have fewer
ilinesses, miss less work, need fewer physician visits, and
be less psychologically distressed. Older adults on SNAP
are better able to live independently, need less medical
care and hospitalisation, and are more likely to comply
with medication regimes.” Children in food-secure
families have fewer infections and better overall health
and the benefits of their SNAP participation continue into
adulthood. Overall, SNAP participation and food security
are linked to reduced health-care expenditures.

SNAP could do more to promote public health. Public
health advocates, for example, have suggested making
sugar-sweetened beverages ineligible for purchase with the
programme's debit cards and have called for the release of
data on SNAP purchasess The Trump administration
supported retailers in opposing the release of such data.”

Despite its evident value to public health, SNAP was a
prime target for programme cuts by the Trump admin-
istration. For instance, the administration tightened
work requirements for continued participation in SNAP.
Although programme rules already required able-bodied
adults without dependents to work, some states granted
waivers to that requirement. When Congress failed to
include obligatory work requirements in the 2018 US
Farm Bill, the Trump administration blocked states from
granting such waivers,*'a step that the courts temporarily
blocked early in the COVID-19 pandemic.

Another Trump-era rule change prohibits states from
automatically enrolling families in food assistance
programmes once they qualify for cash assistance *ºMore
than 3 million participants could lose SNAP benefits””
and officials told reporters that 300000 children could
lose eligibility for school meals. The rule was expected
to save about US$2 billion per year” Additionally,
in 2018, the Trump administration proposed the elimi-
nation of outreach to potential participants and the partial
replacement of SNAP benefits at grocery stores with
so-called harvest boxes of surplus farm commodities.
Indeed, in response to COVID-19 the USDA initiated a

Farmer to Families Food Box programme in August, 2020,
that partnered with distributors to provide US$6 billion
in produce, dairy, and meat products to food banks and
other non-profit organisations.”* This programme has
raised questions about its contracting processes, lack of
accountability, and failure to provide what was promised >*
The Trump administration also discouraged immigrants
use of SNAP and other social services through its changes
to the public charge immigration rule, despite opposition
to such changes from virtually every US medical and
public health association.

Rolling back school meal standards

In the USA, federal school breakfast and lunch
programmes feed 30 million low-income children daily
at an annual cost of approximately US$18 billion”
Michelle Obama's Lets Move! campaign, which began
in February, 2010, advocated for improvement in the
nutritional quality of school meals. Later that year,
Congress passed the Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act,
which authorised improvements in nutritional standards
for school meals and child nutrition programmes. These
standards were opposed by food companies selling sugary
drinks and snack foods in schools and by the School
Nutrition Association, which represents school food-
service personnel but receives much of its funding from
companies that sell food products to schools. With some
compromises, the campaign succeeded in requiring more
offerings of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains and
reducing foods high in undesirable nutrients:”

Under the Trump administration, food-industry
groups” counterattacks undermined these advances.
Despite much evidence to the contrary** the Trump
administration argued that children were rejecting the
healthier meals, thereby increasing plate waste. On this
dasis, Trump's USDA reversed several of the improve.
ments and gave schools permission to ignore how school
meals affect children's health.” Early in 2020, the USDA
announced further weakening of nutrition standards.”*

The COVID-19 pandemic showed how school meals
account for substantial proportions of the energy and
nutrient intake of many low-income children. Out-of.
school children were suddenly at high risk of hunger. The
USDA permitted schools to provide free meals to children
and families during this pandemic, most schools did so,
and the CDC issued guidance about how to do so safely.

The Trump administration extended emergency school
feeding to June, 2021, but without permanent institution
of universal child feeding programmes, school meals,
SNAP, and other important social welfare programmes
will remain as targets for closing budget shortfalls.

Achangein direction
To address long-standing shortcomings in food and
nutrition policy and repair the damage caused by
President Trump's actions, the Biden administration
should improve food safety by enforcing existing rules

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

and regulations, which will require frequent inspections
of farms and food processing facilities, making the
rules consistent for all foods, and rationalising the entire
food safety system by combining and coordinating the
oversight functions of the USDA and FDA. It should also
ensure adequate food-purchase ability for low-income
residents, regardless of immigration status, by increasing
benefits, promoting outreach, and undertaking pilot
studies of ways to encourage healthy food purchases
(eg, vegetables). A rational school-food policy would make
school meals available to all children regardless ofincome
or immigration status, equip schools to cook (not merely
reheat) food, establish food-based rather than nutrient-
based standards for school meals, and ensure that
standards are met for all school meals and snacks.

Clinicians should advise caregivers to enrol children in
school meal programmes and work with local school
districts to ensure that all eligible children are served.
They should inform low-income patients about eligi-
bility for SNAP participation, prescribe SNAP for food-
insecure patients regardless of immigration status and
connect low-income patients with other sources of food
assistance in their communities. Hospitals and clinics
should consider hosting farmers' markets and ensure
that vendors accept SNAP benefits.

If we had to pick only one nutrition-relevant reform, it
would be income support for low-income families.

Section 7: The environment, workplace, and
global climate

President Trump and his administration aggressively
rolled back regulations that protect the environment,
safeguard the health of US workers, and mitigate climate
change. He portrayed such regulations as unnecessary
burdens on industry and brakes on economic growth,
and viewed dismantling them as an opportunity to
provide relief to business, particularly the fossil fuel
industry. His actions greatly contrasted to efforts in most
other high-income countries.

One analysis identified 104 environmental rules and
regulations that the Trump administration targeted for
roliback (table 32” As of July 2020, 84 of these rollbacks
had been completed, and 20 were still in progress,
although President Biden has moved to reverse many of
these actions. Trump's most far-reaching policy rollback
would weaken the 1969 National Environmental Policy
Act, bedrock legislation that establishes the national
framework for protecting the US' environment. 29 of the
rollbacks relax air pollution and air emissions standards.
Another 20 rollbacks lift restrictions on extraction and
drilling for fossil fuels, such as cancelling a requirement
that oil and gas companies must report methane
emissions at fracking operations and along pipelines, and
directing federal agencies to stop using an Obama-era
calculation of the social cost of carbon emissions.
Nine pertain to water pollution and eight relax protective
standards for toxic chemicals, such as stopping

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

enforcement of a 2015 rule prohibiting the use of
hydrofluorocarbons in appliances, and blocking a ban on
the neurotoxic insecticide, chlorpyrifos.

Occupational health rollbacks included the termination
of a silicosis prevention programme, the weakening of
health and safety standards for miners, and a proposal to
allow new industrial uses ofasbestos.*

State and local governments, along with advocates such
as the Natural Resources Defense Council, have filed more
than 100 lawsuits challenging the Trump administration's
rolibacks. Many of these challenges have been successful
and have slowed the pace of deregulation.

Trump's promotion of corporate interests over health
protections was exemplified early into his presidency by
his selection of Scott Pruitt as administrator of the EPA.
Pruitt's previous campaign for election as attorney general
of Oklahoma had been generously funded by the fossil fuel
industry and, after his election to that position, he repeat-
edly sued the EPA. During his tenure at the EPA (which
ended in July 2018 while there were at least 14 separate
federal investigations into his conduct) Pruitt directed
reversals ofmyriads of environmental regulations.”

The Trump administration pursued an aggressive
campaign against the scientific foundations of environ-
mental and occupational health policy, advancing a
proposal deceptively titled Strengthening Transparency
in Regulatory Science. This proposal, developed by the
tobacco, fossil fuel, and chemical lobbies, mandates that
the EPA base environmental regulations exclusively on
research whose underlying data are fully accessible to
the public and the affected industries. Clinical and
epidemiological studies that do not publicly disclose the
names, addresses, and medical histories of all human
participants would be excluded from consideration;
however, most are bound by law and regulation to
maintain confidentiality. Environmental policy would
cease to be informed by medical science. One leading
researcher described the rule (which was finalised on
Jan 6, 2021, the day of the storming of the US Capitol) as
“a direct assault on epidemiology” **º

Starting in March, 2020, the Trump administration
used the COVID-9 pandemic as a pretext for further
deregulation, suspending all enforcement of air and water
rules and implementing additional rollbacks in a brazen
attempt to lock in lax standards before a potential change in
administration ** Fuel efficiency standards for automobiles
were weakened, restrictions on mercury emissions from
coal-fired power plants lifted, and the requirement that
federal agencies consider climate change in assessing
environmental effects of highways, pipelines, and other
major infrastructure projects set aside. In April, 2020, the
EPA announced that the timeline for regulatory review of
potentially hazardous chemicals under the Toxic Substance
Control Act would be accelerated and the length of
public and scientific comment periods shortened. As of
December, 2020, the EPA was doing accelerated evalu-
ations of 13 chemicals, including 1,3-butadiene, ethylene
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

 

  

 

US Agency Status of rollback
Airpollutionand airemissions.
Withdrewrequirement for oil and gas companies to provide information on methane emissions at their existing operations. EPA Complete
Replacedthe Obama-era Clean Power Plan with a version'that allows states to set their own standards for emissionsfromcoaland Executive Order; EPA Complete
gas-fired power plants
Rescinded Califomia!s right to set its own tougher standards for emissions from cars and lighttrucks EPA Complete
Enabled power plantsto avoid emission regulations through revision of a permitting programme EPA Complete
Weakened guidelines aimed at reducing air pollution in national parks and wilderness areas EPA Complete
Reduced oversight of some state plans for reducing haze in national parksthrough replacement of regional haze federal EPA Complete
implementation plans with state implementation plans
Reversed regulation aimed at prevention of methane releases on public lands during oiland gas operations Department of Interior Complete
Lifted measures limiting emission of several toxic pollutants from major industrial polluters EPA Complete
Proposed the elimination of rules aimed at the reduction of hydrofluorocarbons leaking from air-conditioning and refrigeration EPA Completes
systems
Revoked a rule requiring state and regional authoritiesto track tailpipe emissions from vehicles traveling on federal highways Department ofTransportation Complete
Modified rules on community pollution monitoring by crude oil refineries. EPA Complete
Halted caleulation of the social cost of carbon in estimating the economic advantages of reducing CO, emissions ExecutiveOrder Complete
Revoked a guideline that federal agencies consider the effectsof federal actions on climate ExecutiveOrder; CEQ Complete
Removed a ban on use of a gasoline blend containing 15% ethano! during the summer to reduce smog EPA Complete
Extended state and EPA deadlines for developing and approving plans to reduce methane emissions from landfils EPA Complete
Rescinded the Federal Sustainability Plan, a sweeping effort to cut the federal government's emissionsof greenhouse gases by 40% — ExecutiveOrder Complete
over 10 years
Proposed weakening fuel-economy standards for light trucks and cars EPA; Departmentof Complete
Transportation
Weakened a rule restricting mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants EPA Complete
Loosened air pollution regulations on plantsthat bum waste coal for electricity EPA Complete
Announced intent to withdraw from the UNFCCC Paris Climate Agreement in November 2020 ExecutiveOrder Complete
Proposed removing a federal requirement that oil and gas companies detectand fix methane gas leaks at their facilities EPA Complete
Proposed revoking restrictions requiring capture of CO, emissions from new coal-fired power plants EPA Pending
Proposed revising CO, emissions standards for power plants that are new, modified, or reconstructed ExecutiveOrder; EPA Pending
Proposed revoking requirementsthat Texas and other states follow emission rules for power plant start-ups, shutdowns, and EPA Complete
malfunctions in addition to an overall review of these regulations
Proposed restricting communities and individuals from challenging pollution permits issued by the EPA that are up for commentbya EPA Pending
panelof agency judges
Focused effortson limiting buffer zones for pesticide application meant to reduce human exposure. EPA Complete
Postponed issuing a rule restricting aircraft greenhouse gas emissions. EPA Pending*
Toxic chemical and occupational hazards
Rejected a proposed ban on chlorpyrifos, a neurotoxic pesticide associated with developmental disabilities in children EPA Completed
Scaled back a law requiring safety assessments of toxic chemical such as dry-cleaning solvents EPA Completed
Revoked a rule requiring trains hauling flammable liquids such as gasoline and ethanolto upgrade their braking systems Department ofTransportation Completed
Excluded copper filter cake from the definition of hazardous waste EPA Completed
Ended an OSHA programme to prevent silicosis Department of Labor Completed
Proposed revoking most requirementsof a rule designed to improve safety at work sitesthat use hazardous chemicals EPA Complete
Proposed allowing the rail transport of highly lammable liquid natural gas Department ofTransportation Complete
Announced an intentionto reassess a rule reducing exposureto coal dust in mines Department of Labor Pending
Datafrom Popovichetal 2º EPA=Environmental Protection Agency. CEQ=Council on Environmental Quality. OSHA=Occupational Safety and Health Administration. UNFCCC=UN Framework Convention on
Climate Change. “Rescinded or weakened and then partially reinstated by court order.
Table 3: Rules on air pollution, airemissions, toxic chemicals, and occupational hazards targeted by the Trump administration

 

 

dibromide, 1,1,24richloroethane, tris(2-chloroethyl) phos- benefits accruing from the prevention of pollution-

phate, all of which pose threats to human health and the - related illnesses and productivity losses.
environment.”

Trump's claim that such deregulation benefits the Health consequences of the Trump admi
economy contradicis a large body of evidence showing environmental and occupational rollbacks
that pollution control measures typically generate large | Evidence is already accumulating that the Trump admin-
positive returns on investment, with most of the | istration's weakening of environmental and occupational

 

72 wwwthelancetcom Vol 397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
 
  

 

A B
3000007 10904
290000 205)
280000. E sol
É 270004 É es
8 5
“5 260000] E 801
Ê ê
E 4 & 38d
É 250000 É
240000 É vol
230000 Z 65)
DOE A IT
4 DESSA ES SSA ES & SS SPAS A
DISSESSE SS SS PPP LS
ear
c D
120000 604 — Arkansas
— Ohio
557 — Indiana
100000 4 — Kentucky
Ea — Oklahoma
E — Pennsylvania
“e 80000) 2º D pissou
ã 8 40)
Ê 60000 7 E 354
5 $ 24
â A â
s0000 a
2d
20000 |
157
+reeereeerereeereeeeeeeeem ao
SIPESSIDESSINES SIPEPEIDESS IS DES
PIPSPOSS EDS SAS PESSOAS

Vear

Year

 

 

Figure 9: Air pollution and health effects in the USA (1990-2019)

(A) Deaths attributable to environmental and occupationalrisk factors. (2) Annual population-weighted mean PM, air pollution levels (C) Deaths per 100000 people
attributableto ambient air pollution by year. (D) Annual deaths per 100000 people attributableto PM,, air pollution levels.

standards is increasing disease and death in the USA,
especially among children, older people, and workers.
Between 2016 and 2019, the annual number of environ-
mentally and occupationally related deaths increased by
more than 22000, reversing 15 years of steady progress
(Figure 94) eso

The Trump administration's abrupt halt to control
of fine particulate matter (PM, ,) air pollution was probably
a major driver of this mortality increase (figures 9B
and 9C):º Air pollution concentrations in several heavily
industrialised states have increased since 2016 after
having declined steadily for the preceding 47 years
since President Nixon signed the Clean Air Act into law
in 1970. PM. pollution is closely linked to premature
birth, asthma and pneumonia among children, heart
disease, stroke, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
lung cancer, and diabetes among adults.”

The sharpest increases since 2016 in deaths due to
PM,, air pollution have occurred in Midwestern and

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

southern states that are major centres of coal mining,
oil drilling, and natural gas extraction and have weak
state-based environmental protections (figure 9D,
appendix p 3).

The Trump administration's regulatory rollbacks have
increased disease, injury, and death among workers
in the USA. Its weakening of mine health and safety
standards and mine enforcement programmes has led
to increased injury deaths among workers employed
in mining, quarrying, and oil and gas extraction
(figure 104)*º and increased mortality from coal workers
pneumoconiosis (figure 10B). Despite rising deaths from
work-related silicosis, the administration terminated a
silicosis prevention programme launched during the
Obama era.

The Trump administration's disregard for workers
health has been particularly evident during the COVIDA
pandemic. Despite receiving nearly 18000 complaints from
workers regarding COVID-19-related hazards in workplaces
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

2507

2007

1507

Number of deaths.

100)

 

700)

600-|

5007

400)

300)

Number of deaths.

2001

100-|

 

od

 

 

 

(A) Fatal occupational injuries in mining, quarmying, and oil and gas extraction
(2003-18). (8) Deaths from coal workers! pneumoconiosis (1990-2019).

Data from Occupational Safety and Health Administration" and Institute for
Health Metrics and Evaluation

(as of July 4, 2020), the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration had (as of Sept 15, 2020) taken action
against only one employer*º The government's anaemic
and incompetent efforts to ramp up the supply of personal
protective equipment and its non-existent oversight of
infection control practices contributed to the COVID-19-
related deaths of 2921 health-care workers as of
Dec 26, 2020: In April, 2020, President Trump designated
meat processing plants as essential infrastructure, which
compelled the industry's workers (many of them immi-
grants) to return to their jobs, despite clear documentation
that employers were not assuring workers opportunities to
maintain personal hygiene and physical distancing, As of
mid-September, 2020, 42606 meat-packing workers had
been infected with COVID-19 and 203 had died ”*
Ironically, the negative effects of the Trump admin-
istration's environmental and occupational rollbacks
have taken their largest toll in states whose voters heavily
supported President Trump in the 2016 election. By

contrast, comparatively progressive states that have
maintained robust state-level protections have lessened
the effect the rolibacks have had on health (figure 11).

The adverse health effects ofthe Trump administration's
deregulatory actions are concentrated in the states and
demographic groups most affected by rollbacks in
health insurance coverage. Therefore, these harms are
compounding one another and are widening disparities
in health by race, social class, and geography.

Climate

President Trump's climate denialism will probably be
his most enduring environmental legacy. The Trump
administratior's encouragement of coal, oil, and gas
combustion, and its weakening of emissions standards,
are accelerating the release of greenhouse gases such as
CO, and methane, which will remain in the atmosphere
for decades. The global warming caused by release of
these gases will increase the frequency of heatwaves,
coastal fiooding, violent storms and wildfires, and expand
the ranges of vector-borne diseases such as dengue virus,
Zika virus, and West Nile virus. Deteriorating air quality
will increase global mortality from respiratory and
cardiovascular conditions (eg, acute myocardial infarction,
stroke, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and lung
cancer) ** Some parts of the world could become
uninhabitable because of heat, humidity, and pollution,
whereas others will suffer shortages of food and water.
One review estimates that weakened environmental
protections could lead to an additional 80000 deaths over
the next decade and exacerbate respiratory problems in
more than 1 million people in the USA. The growing
frequency of climate-driven migration and conflict will
threaten global security.

In November, 2019, despite widespread domestic and
international opposition, President Trump announced that
he would withdraw the USA from the Paris Agreement;
withdrawal was formally completed on Nov 4, 2020, but
reversed by President Biden on Jan 20, 2021. The Paris
Agreement is part of the UN Framework Convention on
Climate Change and commits 195 countries to take steps to
prevent and mitigate global warming. Although the Trump
administration had committed to upholding its obligations
under the agreement until November, 2020, it had already
withdrawn US$2 billion ofthe USA's promised US$3 billion
contribution to the Green Climate Fund, which supports
climate resiliency in low-income countries."

The Trump administration claimed that its withdrawal
from the Paris Agreement was motivated by its belief that
constraining emissions would cost jobs in the USA and
that withdrawal would regenerate the US coal industry
and have a minimal effect on global warming. However,
analysis of the administration's decision suggests other
motivations. For example, numerous senior administra-
tion figures had close financial ties to the fossil fuel
industry; withdrawal appeals to the supporters of
President Trump in regions where fossil fuel production

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

is, or was, a major source of jobs; and it resonates with
Trump's America First approach, his animosity for
international cooperation, and his deep personal dislike of
anything accomplished by President Obama.”

Projections of the consequences of the USA's
withdrawal are, inevitably, imprecise. US emissions of
greenhouse gases were expected to decline despite
withdrawal from the Paris Agreement because of an
ongoing shift to renewable energy sources that is driven
by personal choice, tax rebates in the more progressive
states, and the economic reality that it is now cheaper in
many parts of the USA to produce heat and electricity
from wind and solar power than from fossil fuels.
However, the pace of reduction would probably slow from
the anticipated rate of 26-28% (by 2025) to 15-18%.*
Any slowing of progress is worrisome given the vast
amount of evidence suggesting that the earth is nearing
a so-called tipping point, after which a combination
of factors will create malignant feedback loops and
unstoppable global warming

Trump's environmental policies also affected the global
response to climate change. Global environmental
leadership has now passed, in effect, from the USA to the
European Union and China. Additionally, the stance of
the USA encouraged climate-damaging policies in other
nations. For instance, in Brazil, President Jair Bolsonaro
is adopting policies that hasten destruction of the
Amazon rainforest and will accelerate climate change.

US federal funding cuts threaten global climate
monitoring programmes. Examples include loss of
funding for the Global Environmental Facility, which
brings together 183 countries, civil-society organisations,
and the private sector to tackle major environmental
problems, and cuts to the National Aeronautics and
Space Administration and the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration. Federal funding reductions
threaten the leading role of US scientists, who have
contributed a substantial share of the world's research on
climate change.”

The federal government is, of course, only one locus
of power within the USA. Shortly after the Trump
administration announced withdrawal from the Paris
Agreement, the governors of New York, California, and
Washington state created the US Climate Alliance, which
was subsequently joined by 21 other states and Puerto Rico.
These states, which collectively produce 25% of US carbon
emissions, have committed to reducing greenhouse-gas
emissions by 26-28% from 2005 amounts,”* and to
meeting or exceeding the targets of the federal Clean
Power Plan (introduced by the Obama administration),
thus meeting the targets to which the USA had committed
under the Paris Agreement.

Although government actions have been uneven, the
emergence of a remarkable social movement on climate
change gives reason for optimism. Young people in
the USA and worldwide, witnessing the devastating
2020 wildfires in Australia and the west of the USA,

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

 

Deaths per 100000 (air pollution)

Deaths per 100000 (occupational
grorasas é

 

o DS Sa
CEE EESC
ES CSN E o

 

Us state

Lo

 

Figure 11: Deaths per 100000 people attributable to air pollution and occupational diseases by state (2019)

(A) Deaths attributable to air pollution. (3) Deaths attributableto occupational diseases. Red bars represent states

that voted Republican inthe 2016 election and blue bars represent states that voted Democratic in the 2016

election. Data from Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation."

floods in Europe and Asia, and drought in Africa, are
calling for change. The reach of this movement is
underscored by the September, 2019, Youth Climate
Strike, which involved 6 million people in more than
150 countries. Gradually their voices are being heard,
even in regions of the USA that are traditionally resistant
to such messages (eg, in southeastern states where dread
of hurricane season is mounting).

Re-joining the Paris Agreement, as President Biden has
done, was the top priority for US environmental policy, but
that action must be followed by meaningful change. With
its vast scientific resources, the USA has unique capacity
to document the consequences of global climate change
for human and planetary health. Action will be needed to
reinstate and strengthen safeguards that protect the air,
water, and US workplaces, to re-establish monitoring
systems and enforcement programmes that have been

735

 
The Lancet Commissions

 

736

dismantled, and to re-open access to information that has
been blocked and resume the open communication of
scientific data. The Trump administration rolled back
decades of progress on environmental policy. The message
for the Biden administration is simple: do the opposite.

Section 8: Reproductive rights under threat

The right to safely bear a child without coercion and
policing during pregnancy or to decide not to bear a
child, has never been fully realised in the USA. Past legal
and policy advances remain tenuous and subject to
reversal and infant and maternal mortality rates remain
disturbingly high—eg, OECD 2020 Health Statistics
reported 5-8 deaths per 1000 livebirths and 17 -4 deaths
per 100000 pregnancies in the USA.'Discrimination and
financial constraints have particularly infringed on the
reproductive freedom of people of colour, people on
low incomes, LGBTQ people, those with disabilities,
teenagers, and rural dwellers, but the rights of all are
atrisk.

We focus on abortion because it remains the locus
of attacks on reproductive freedom in the USA. His-
torically, most women seeking abortions turned to
herbal remedies and commercial preparations to restore
menses, often provided by untrained midwives.” Early
opposition to abortion came from the newly created
AMA, whose campaign to ban abortion, initiated in 1857,
grew partly from a desire to solidify white male-
physician power in the sphere of medical practice.” At
that time, the early anti-abortion movement fed on fear
that immigrants, Catholics, and Black people would
overwhelm native-born Protestant people and aimed to
enforce childbirth among white native-born Protestant
women."* By the end of the 19th century, most states in
the USA had criminalised abortion, although it remained
commonplace.

Activists' struggles to overturn states! abortion bans
culminated in the US Supreme Court's 1973 Roe v Wade
decision that legalised abortion nationwide. Subsequently,
religious conservatives advocated against abortion as part
of an agenda to deny to women the right to control child-
bearing, including the denial of access to contraception.

The anti-abortion movement's tactics have included
lobbying, public rallies, shaming patients visiting abortion
clinics, and, in some cases, threatening and committing
acts of violence-including several murders—against
physicians and other clinic staff. These efforts have
resulted in the closure ofhundreds of clinics that provided
abortion care.

Many groups (including the AMA) have rallied against
such attacks and restrictions and advocated for the
extension of abortion access. Notably, the ACA mandated
that private insurance plans cover contraceptives and
several states have provided state funding for abortion
care, required private insurance plans to cover abortion,
or allowed qualifed non-physician practitioners to do
abortions.2

Intensifying threats to reproductive rights
President Trump, who had previously vocalised that he
was pro-choice, reversed his position before launching
his 2016 presidential campaign. His selection of
Mike Pence (a notorious abortion opponent) as his
vice-presidential running mate and his promise to
appoint anti-abortion judges to the US courts, confirmed
his anti-abortion sentiment to conservative voters. As of
December, 2020, Trump had seated three (of nine)
US Supreme Court justices and more than 200 other
federal judges.*?

The US Supreme court plays a central role in the battle
over reproductive rights. In the Roe v Wade case, the court
ruled that the US Constitution protects a pregnant
woman's right to decide whether or not to terminate a
pregnangy. However, the promise of that decision was
soon undercut. In 1976 (and every year since), Congress
passed the Hyde Amendment banning the use of Medicaid
funds to pay for most abortion care, a ban that was
expanded to all federal health programmes over the next
22 years, effectively barring funding for abortions for
federal employees, Peace Corps workers, federal prisoners,
military families, and those reliant on the IHS, among
others. The US Supreme Court upheld this restriction,
reasoning that the government could use its funds to
favour childbirth—perhaps the courts only decision
explicitly upholding the governments power to use its
resources to discourage the exercise of a constitutional
right.

Restrictions on access to abortion were tightened after
a 1992 US Supreme Court decision holding that state
antiabortion laws were constitutionally permissible
unless they placed a substantial obstacle to a woman
seeking an abortion. As of July, 2020, 26 state legislatures
have implemented laws requiring abortion patients to
make two trips to a clinician—usually one visit to receive
information designed to discourage abortion and a
second for the actual procedure or medication”
Similarly, several states have passed laws (some of which
are currently enjoined by the courts) outlawing abortions
after the first trimester (or earlier in some states),
banning the method used for most second-trimester
abortions, restricting private insurance coverage for
abortion, requiring that abortions after a particular
gestational period be done in a hospital, requiring that
abortions (even medication abortions) be done by a
physician, or requiring parental consent (or a court
waiver) for those under the age of 18 years.

Trump's shift of the US Supreme Courts makeup
threatens to further constrain reproductive rights.
Abortion access got a temporary reprieve in June, 2020,
when Chief Justice Roberts sided with the court's
four liberal justices to overturn a Louisiana anti-abortion
law (known as the Unsafe Abortion Act or Louisiana
Act 620). However, Roberts opinion was founded on his
reluctance to defy a precedent his court had set just
four years earlier (over his dissent) and he made clear his

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

willingness to approve future antiabortion laws.
Subsequently, the court ruled that the administration had
the authority to issue rules allowing employers (and
universities) with religious or moral objections to
disregard the ACA's requirement that their insurance
plans cover contraception.

Administrative rule-making

In March, 2017, the Trump administration adopted a
policy barring unaccompanied immigrant minors in its
care or custody from getting abortions, a policy which
was enjoined by the courts, and then abandoned by the
administration. Furthermore, it issued a rule (which is
currently vacated) broadening the right of providers with
moral or religious objections to refuse to provide or
refer patients to health-care services and information,
potentially even in emergency situations.”

The administration also implemented a rule governing
Title X, the federally funded family-planning programme,
that is decimating access to contraception and other
services for low-income people. The rule (which remains
in effect, except in Maryland, while under court challenge),
prohibits clinics receiving Title X funds ftom referring a
patient for abortion care. Another proposed federal rule
would require private insurers offering coverage under
the ACA to send enrollees a separate bill for the portion of
the premium that covers abortion care.”

Such restrictions threaten patients health. State
funding for medically necessary abortions has been
associated with reductions in severe maternal mor
bidity:s Conversely, clinic closures and new abortion
restrictions have precipitated decreased use ofmedication
abortions, increased wait times and second-trimester
procedures (despite a drop in the total number of
abortions), lengthened travel distances, and have
exacerbated racial disparities, all of which could increase
maternal risk of morbidity and mortality?" Those
denied abortion because their pregnancy is slightly over
their state's gestational age cutoff suffer immediate
mental health declines”” and long-term increases in
poverty” compared with those whose pregnancy is
slightly under the gestational-age cutoff who received
abortions. 200000 Google searches per month in 2017
sought information on selfinduced abortion, suggesting
that the use of abortion-inducing pills bought online and
through underground networks is substantial **

Abortion currently remains legal in every state, although
anti-abortion politicians in several states temporarily
suspended abortions as COVID-19 hospitalisations
surged, by deeming abortion a non-essential service,
despite objections from the American College of
Obstetricians and Gynecologists.”: Even though more
than 860000 people secure abortion care annually in
the USA, restrictions on abortion increasingly deny many
others the right to make the life-changing decision about
whether to have a child. As the US Supreme Court noted
in its 1992 decision, such denials restrict the ability of

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

women to participate equally economically and socially
in US society. Reproductive freedom is increasingly
out of reach for many who reside in states controlled
by conservative legislatures, including large parts of
the US Midwest and south. Many independent abortion
clinics are struggling financially and their closure would
worsen abortion access.

Activists, litigators, lawmakers, and health-care
professionals have worked hard to maintain and expand
access to abortion and mitigate the harms that originate
from existing restrictions. Defending individuals rights
to control their reproduction is imperative for public
health, equity, and democracy.

The Biden administration must immediately revoke
the myriad rules that impede reproductive freedom
within the USA and abroad, and the Hyde Amendment's
restrictions on funding for abortion care from the federal
budget, restore funding for reproductive services, and
appoint judges committed to protecting reproductive

rights.

Section 9: Globalising harm

International relations, involving US engagement
with both other countries and global institutions, gave
President Trump a platform to pursue policies that
enrich his family and other wealthy US residents, and
advertise his divisive, racist, and nationalistic agenda to
his supporters. Since the beginning of his campaign, he
has made clear that global collaboration was not a
priority, nor was the use of foreign policy to support
peace and human development. The COVID-19 pan-
demic has provided further evidence of the global harm
inflicted by Trump's policies.

We discuss six main components of the policies
implemented by the Trump administration, which
have profound effects on global health. We characterise
these components—rejection of science, neoliberalism,
militarism, threats to reproductive rights, racism, and
isolationism—in an effort to capture aspects of these
policies that affect global health. President Trump's
absence of policy coherence coupled with the capricious
nature of his pronouncements means that the terms
used here should be interpreted broadly, as guides to
understanding his policies rather than as elements of a
well-defined ideology.

Rejection of science

Trump's rejection of medical and climate science and his
contempt for facts constituted a particularly pernicious
aspect of his policies. In 2020, he claimed that COVID-19
is a hoax, refused to order or comply with evidence-based
public health measures such as wearing masks and
practising physical distancing, and promoted dangerous
(bleach injection) and unproven (bydroxychloroquine)
therapies. Moreover, his promotion of hydroxychloro-
quine compromised its availability to treat conditions for
which it is effective, such as lupus and malaria.

77
The Lancet Commissions

 

738

Neoliberalism

The Trump administration represents the culmination of
more than three decades of neoliberal policies seeking to
privatise many public services and deregulate corpora-
tions to maximise profits. Trump's brand of neoliberalism
particularly favours individual enrichment (often on the
basis of personal and political connections) over public
goods and seeks to reduce the size and scope of
US Government services and terminate US support for
health abroad. For example, the administration repeatedly
proposed cuts in funding for the CDC, which plays a
central role in fighting epidemics, both domestically and
internationally, although Congress resisted most of the
proposed cuts.

Trump's pro-corporate agenda was epitomised by his
appointment of Alex Azar (a former Eli Lilly executive) to
head the US Department of Health and Human Services, a
signal to the pharmaceutical and other industries that their
price gouging and anticompetitive behaviours would
escape regulation. As discussed, President Trump's well.
publicised promises to reduce drug prices yielded no
results. Instead, he supported large corporations. For
example, in 2018, the administration threatened sanctions
against Ecuador for promoting breastfeeding, which
might cut into the market of US manufacturers of infant
formula Azar celebrated Gilead's donation of 2.4 million
bottles of emtricitabine and tenofovir (Truvada) to prevent
HIV transmission in 200000 patients, which was met by
scorn from activists who labelled Gileads actions a
publicity stunt aimed at slowing the market entry of a
generic competitor and promoting the firm's new drug:*
After preliminary data showed that remdesivir shortened
COVIDAS hospitalisations, Trump made a deal with
Gilead to secure 90% of the world's supply of the drug for
the USA in August and September, 2020. The deal will
pay Gilead approximately US$3100 per 5-day course of
treatment, for a drug that costs approximately US$10 to
manufacture and the development of which was partly
funded by government grants.** Similarly, the US Govern-
ment has given US$10 billion to firms (eg, Moderna,
Sanofi, GlaxoSmithKline) developing COVID-19 vaccines,
without placing restrictions on the prices they can charge.

Militarism

Despite applying the neoliberal doctrine of reducing
government funding to health programmes, President
Trump expanded government's immigration enforce-
ment, militarised domestic policing, augmented the
defence budget, and reversed the previous US renuncia-
tion ofthe use of land mines and cluster bombs, weapons
banned by 164 other nations.” These actions exemplify
the effect of Trump's health harming affinity for
militarism.

US foreign policy too often destabilises regimes,
encouraging armed conflicts that damage health and
health-related infrastructure, and displace millions of
people. Nowhere is this clearer than in Yemen where

US support of the Saudiled bombing has caused
widespread malnutrition"* and a cholera outbreak””
Despite almost 250000 deaths and a large toll of disease
and disability, President Trump vetoed a uniquely
bipartisan set of resolutions passed by both the US House
of Representatives and Senate that sought to curtail
US support of the war (President Biden announced an
end to US support for the Saudiled bombing on February
4, 2021). The US economic sanctions imposed on
Venezuela, and military posturing meant to support the
right-wing leader Juan Guaidó, have caused food and
medication shortages and as many as 40000 deaths.”
Trump's strong support for the Benjamin Netanyahu
government in Israel has encouraged increased
repression of Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza.”
Additionally, the Trump administration has cut
US contributions (from US$350 million in 2017 to
US$60 million in 2018) to the UN Relief and Works
Agency that provides health and education assistance to
Palestinians*

Threats to reproductive rights
President Trump's efforts to win the support of domestic
evangelical Christian voters through reinforcement of
antiabortion policies in foreign aid programmes reflect
his damaging effect on reproductive rights. He reinstated
and expanded the so-called Mexico City policy's (now
called Protecting Life in Global Health Assistance). The
early 1984 version of this policy, which bans US funding
for non-governmental organisations (NGOs) that provide
abortion or that counsel or refer women for abortion
(except in very narrowly defined circumstances), only
applied to NGOs that were not based in the USA.
The 2017 version expanded the policy to also include
NGOs based in the USA. The earlier version cut off
fuunding for groups such as the International Planned
Parenthood Federation (based in the UK) and was
associated with increased unintended pregnancies*s and
abortions in sub-Saharan Africa.“ One study reviewing
the early effects of the 2017 policy suggests that it has
harmed women's health, although the authors note that
stakeholders reluctance to go against US authorities
might have dampened the reporting of deleterious
effects.” President Biden revoked the Mexico City policy
in January, 2021.

Racism

President Trump's description of Haiti and some African
nations as “shithole countries” led the UN and the
African Union to label his comments as racist.”* Racism
also underlies many of his other statements, such as
comments to other world leaders that refugees threaten
European culture” and his administration's maltreat-
ment of refugees, especially children (discussed in
section 3). Additionally, President Trump's continued and
expanded executive order, now revoked, that banned
people from Muslim-majority countries from entering

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

the USA, which eventually applied to much of Africa,
threatened to dampen collaboration among low-income
countries and international collaboration through many
US universities.

Finally, Trump sought to deflect attention from the
failure of his COVID-19 response by blaming and
vilifying China, a step that has led to attacks on Asian
American people, and obstructing international coopera-
tion and shared learning that could enable control of the
ongoing pandemic.

Isolationism

President Trump's isolationist America First doctrine
resulted in withdrawal from international initiatives such
as the Paris Agreement on climate change (discussed in
section 7). Trump's isolationist view extended to people
living in the USA (primarily health-care professionals)
who offered assistance to other countries. This view was
promoted in August, 2014 (ie, even before he assumed the
presidency) as shown when he tweeted, “the US cannot
allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far
away places to help out are great—but must suffer the
consequences” :** The Trump administration also reduced
participation in the response to the global AIDS epidemic,
an important collaborative global health effort and a
cornerstone of US aid-related diplomacy since 2003.
President Trump's fiscal year 2021 budget proposal called
for cutting US$1-52 billion from the US President's
Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and US$902 million
from funding for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS,
Tuberculosis and Malaria.” In an era with newly available
tools to end the AIDS pandemic, such cuts threaten to set
collaborative global efforts back for decades and slow
progress. Additionally, Trump's 2021 budget proposal
sought to cut funding for global health and disease
control by one-third, cuts that would affect the CDC,
the US Agency for International Development, WHO,
and the Pan-American Health Organization (PAHO),
threatening PAHO with collapse.”* At a crucial point in
the COVID-19 pandemic, Trump announced thatthe USA
would withdraw funding from WHO, undermining
global health efforts in controlling the virus.

The rapid spread of COVID-19 infection is a reminder
of the vulnerability of even the most powerful nations
in an interconnected world and the importance of
competent and compassionate leadership. In the past,
the USA has played an important, albeit imperfect, role
on the global health stage and its economic dominance
assures that US politics are influential. The Biden
administration must recognise that progress is not a
zero-sum game and accept the responsibility of the USA
to re-join global efforts to create an improved and
peaceful world for everyone.

Section 10: Mobilising for change

Despite the turbulence of the Trump era, burgeoning
movements advocating for a just and healthy society and

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

a transformed cultural zeitgeist give reason for hope for
the future.

Important signs of those movements emerged before
Trump's election—Occupy Wall Street (2011) that decried
wealth inequality, Black Lives Matter (founded 2013), the
Dreamer movement that advocates for immigrants”
rights (which coalesced in 2010 when Congress failed to
pass the Dream Act), protests for Native American
sovereignty and water protection at Standing Rock
Reservation (from April, 2016, to February, 2017), and
widespread movements against global warming and for
IGBTQ rights and Medicare for All.

In January, 2017, the massive Women's Marches that
took place the day after Trump's inauguration gave
promise of resistance to his agenda. In the same year,
resistance again was shown by the million people who
participated in the March for Science, which called for
leaders to make evidence-based policies, a demand that
was emphasised by the 6 million youth climate strikers
who protested throughout 2019 .:5t

Resistance turned to incipient revolt in the spring and
summer of 2020. The triggering event—a video of a
white policeman calmly murdering George Floyd, a
Black man, while other officers looked on—shocked
a previously inattentive white population and a Black
population in the USA who were familiar with such
scenes. Frustration built from four centuries of racist
oppression, four decades of retrogressive policies and
practices, and four months of COVID-19-related lock-
downs and the virus inequitable toll, resulted in
widespread unrest. Suddenly, tens of millions, Black
and white, showed their anger in protests on a scale not
witnessed in the USA since the 1960s or 1930s.*:

In response, President Trump, similar to President
Nixon in the 1960s, pinned his electoral hopes on
mobilising white panic and backlash and promising to
deploy repressive military force to restore law and
order. Nixon's response signalled the end of an era of
social progress. Trump's response seems more likely
to herald an era of intensified struggle and social
advance.

Past advances—ie, during Reconstruction, the New
Deal, and the civil rights era—emerged from conflict,
agitation, and struggle. Social, health, and legal protec-
tions that US residents now take for granted were won,
not given. The success of recent movements will be
measured by whether they initiate a new era of progress,
not just the ending of the Trump era.

Health-care scholars and practitioners can support
efforts to redress inequities by documenting health
injustices. However, analysis must be coupled with
action. Health-care professionals alone cannot transform
the policy environment but can lend expertise, voice,
cultural capital, and their presence in public protests
with others to bolster movements for change.

We highlight three factors that are crucial to the
effectiveness of efforts to achieve political and social

739
The Lancet Commissions

 

change:** the roles of framing, coalition building, and
strategies for action. We hope to spark reflection on
how health-care workers can advance health, equity and
democracy in an era when these ideals are imperilled.

Framing
Successful activism needs more than good ideas, it
needs to strike the right rhetorical chords through
framing—ie, the imagery, motifs, metaphors, and stories
that mobilise “typically unconscious structures called
“frames”. Health-based frames often amplify social
justice messages in other domains, an approach conso-
nant with the Health in All Policies framework.

Advocacy for reproductive rights in the 19708 offers
one example of how health-based frames can promote
social justice issues. Activists pushed four simultaneous
arguments for the legalisation of abortion.* One argu-
ment emphasised the autonomy of physicians and the
sanctity of the doctor-patient relationship. A second cited
a constitutional precedent affirming a so-called zone of
privacy in marriage. A third argument centred around
equality, noting that affluent but not poor women could
access safe abortion, often by travelling overseas. Finally,
an explicitly feminist rationale portrayed abortion as a
woman's decision and right. Although all four frames
circulated in the public sphere, the courts focused mostly
on the two conservative arguments (ie, sanctity of the
doctor-patient relationship and the right to privacy),
which contributed to the US Supreme Court's decision
legalising abortion in the Roe v Wade case. Nonetheless,
the equality and feminist frames resonated in the broader
cultural milieu, at a time of social turbulence and
increasing receptivity to novel critiques of class and
gender inequality. On the issue of abortion, the salience
of particular frames depended heavily on the audience—
ie, judges, legislators, or the public.

Timing also matters in determining whether a frame
gains traction. In 1971, an era when private coverage
carried minimal out-ofpocket costs, the nascent move-
ment for national health insurance focused on covering
the roughly 20 million people who were uninsured.
Nowadays, with 30 million people still uninsured, the
resurgent advocacy for Medicare for All often highlights
problems afflicting insured US residents, such as
surprise bills and medical bankruptcy.

Many framing dilemmas persist. For instance, some
criminal justice reform advocates focus on the racism
that is suffusing US laws, policing, and sentencing.
Others appeal to fiscal conservatism, citing the
ballooning cost of imprisoning 2 million people. Both
appear to be mobilising public support, as shown by the
passage of the federal First Step Act (discussed in
section 2), a Florida ballot initiative to restore voting
rights to most ex-prisoners, and California's and
President Biden's decisions to end the use of for-profit
prisons. Health professionals have framed mass
incarceration and police violence as public health

hazards, in accord with the tenets of the Health in
Al Policies framework that highlights the health conse-
quences of policy choices in non-health domains, such
as transportation and land-use zoning policies.

Although a common goal can be presented through
different frames, rhetorical differences within a protest
movement often reflect divergent goals. Some anti-
police brutality activists call for the abolition of police
departments in their current form and a rethinking of
public safety systems, pointing to police departments”
origins in the armed militias that suppressed Native
Americans and people who were enslaved. In their view,
policing the boundaries of white privilege is a cardinal
feature of US law enforcement, which inevitably breeds
racialised police violence. Others advocate for defunding
of the police—ie, shifting some current police funding
to social and mental-health services (demands shared by
police abolitionists)—and community control reforms
that would shift the power to hire, fire, and prosecute
officers to directly elected civilian councils. The least
militant frame promotes police reform implemented
through changes in police training and culture. The
long-term outcomes of the movement against police
violence remain unknown; however, public sympathy
for anti-racism protesters is high. Despite Trump's
efforts to mobilise a backlash, approximately 64% of
US adults supported the racial justice protests.”

Coalition building

Movements are often strengthened by building coali-
tions across sectors. In the Trump era, health workers”
political involvement helped bolster social movements
by informing, reassuring, and expanding the coalitions
bases.

For example, the push for gun control gained traction
following a mass shooting in 1999 at a school in
Columbine, Colorado. After one subsequent school
shooting, many health-care professionals joined the
March for Our Lives (2018), a series of student-led
demonstrations and teach-ins for gun control” In
response to a position paper by the American College of
Physicians,“ the politically powerful US National Rifle
Association posted a mocking tweet: “someone should
tell selfimportant antigun doctors to stay in their
lane”.*º Trauma surgeons and other health-care workers
responded with a social media barrage, posting gruesome
images and stories about gunshot injuries and more
than 40000 health-care providers signed a petition
declaring “this is our lane”

Students studying to be health-care professionals
have been particularly prominent in social activism.
For example, in 2014, in protest of police killings of
unarmed Black men, medical students inspired by the
Black Lives Matter movement formed White Coats for
Black Lives, which organised (using social media) well.
publicised so-called dieins on international Human
Rights Day at more than 80 US medical schools.“ Medical

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

students, unions, and community allies also protested at
the 2019 national meeting of the AMA, demanding that
the association rescind its long-standing policy opposing
single-payer health-care reform. Although not ultimately
successful, a resolution to rescind the policy lost by à
surprisingly narrow (47% vs 53%) margin.

Organisations have also taken action; medical societies
including the American Academy of Pediatrics have
issued statements condemning the separation of migrant
children from their families. Medical journals (including
many owned by medical societies) have welcomed
research on immigrant health, racial disparities, firearms
deaths, and particularly access to health care, with the
intention of promoting evidence-based policy changes.
Many medical groups, including Doctors for America,
mobilised to lobby for passage and implementation of
the ACA. Medicare for All has long been advocated
by Physicians for a National Health Program, nurses
unions, and, in January, 2020, the American College of
Physicians.

Health workers participation in coalitions also helps
expand resources and offer vital protection. When the
Lakota people of Standing Rock, ND, camped out in icy
weather to block construction of the Dakota Access
Pipeline, health workers provided supplies and on-site
medical care, echoing the efforis of physicians and
nurses who provided a medical presence hoping to
protect activists who were under violent attack during the
civil rights movement.

Coalitions are also bolstered by inclusivity but
social movements have sometimes failed to involve
low-income and minority constituencies most harmed
by policy shortcomings. However, there are signs that
inclusivity is increasing. Disability rights organisations
have mobilised important activism for Medicare for
All and the ACA. The SisterSong Collective, led by
women of colour, advocates the centring of Black
women's issues and leadership in reproductive justice
campaigns.'*

Strategies and tactics

Health activists have also used various strategies and
tactics to boost movements for social change. For
instance, in the 1960s and 1970s, the Black Panther Party
highlighted the inadequate health care and systemic
health inequities imposed on African Americans by
opening 13 free clinics and providing free breakfasts for
children, as part of a broader strategy to end racist
violence.

In December, 2019, inspired by the Close the Camps
campaign against immigrant detention, health-care
workers organised a so-called white coat demonstration
(which included the president of the California Medical
Association) and civil disobedience to protest the
Trump administration's refusal to vaccinate people in
detention (or allow volunteer clinicians to do so), even
after several detained children died from influenza.

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

The Black Panther clinics, and physicians' public offer
to vaccinate detainees as part of advocating for more
humane treatment, are examples of prefigurative
politics—ie, modelling a better world through direct
action.

Medical activists have also highlighted the life and
death consequences of injustice. To advocate for drug
price regulation, the Right Care Alliance organised
health professionals and grieving parents to deliver the
ashes of a young diabetic who died because he couldn't
afford insulin to executives of pharmaceutical company
Sanofi. Widespread protests against Trump's changes
to the public charge immigration rules (described in
section 3 and section 6) have featured health experts”
warnings of the risks to child health.

Nowadays, activists work in a transformed media
ecology. In the past, social movements reached the
public through the print and broadcast media. For
example, after the first Gay Pride march in 1970 in
New York received wide press coverage, marches spread
to cities across the world the following year. In the
past decade, social media has allowed organisers to
bypass traditional outlets and accelerate the spread of
movements. For instance, the 2017 Women's March
protesting Trump's misogyny and racism was organised
mainly via social media; the effort drew 3 million
demonstrators in the USA and an additional 4 million
worldwide, with only a few months lead time. The
4MeToo movement is another striking example of major
movements during the Trump Era. In 2006, activist
Tarana Burke coined the term Me Too to highlight the
pervasiveness of sexual violence. On Oct 15, 2017,
actress and activist Alyssa Milano developed the
hashtag 4MeToo and encouraged women to tweet
personal stories of sexual predation. Within 24 h, that
hashtag was used by more than 4.7 million people in
12 million posts.” Another striking and reverberative
example is Black Lives Matter, which also originated as a
hashtag.

Looking ahead
President Trump's violation of democratic norms,
incitement of racial, religious, and xenophobic hatred,
attacks on environmental regulation and reproductive
rights, and effortis to undermine health and social
programmes could have a silver lining. His actions
aroused activist energies and political engagement that
are transforming US politics.

In 1977, activists and scholars Frances Fox Piven and
Richard Cloward argued that sudden disruption to the
status quo—whether by popular protests or changing
electoral realignment-—often cause big positive changes
in public opinion and, subsequently, public policy:s
Historically, eras of enlightened health and social policy
change have often followed difficult periods. The conflu-
ence in 2020 of a viral pandemic, economic stagnation,
racist murders, and climate disaster (all aggravated by

71
The Lancet Commissions

 

 

 

   

Obama era Trump era Examples of relevant Trump actions.

SDG1 No Poverty:end poverty in allits forms everywhere Little effect Very negative Undermined health insurance, cuthousing aid, changed public charge ruleto
discourage immigrants' useof public benefits, constrained disaster aid for
Puerto Rico

SDG 2 Zero Hunger: end hunger, achieve food securityand Somewhat positive Verynegative Cutfood assistance and imposed barriersto participation, relaxed schoo! lunch

improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture nutrition standards and meat safety standards, proposed cutsto sustainable
agriculture and conservation programmes

SDG3 Good health and well-being: ensure healthy livesand  Somewhat negative Very negative Blocked gun-control measures, increased funding to addressopioid overdose

promote wellbeing for all at allages epidemic

SDG 4 Quality education: ensure inclusive and equitable Little effect Very negative Revoked guidelines encouraging diversity in educational institutions, backed

quality education anti-affirmative action lawsuits, proposed US$66-6 billion cut in federal education
funding

SDG 5 Gender equality: achieve gender equality and Little effect Very negative Appointed judges and ofcials who are hostile to reproductive rights, gag rules and

empower allwomen and girls other denialsof funding for reproductive health, relaxed rulesforschoobs' sexual
harassment and assault policies, exempted healthproviders from providingor
refering patients for abortion services.

SDG 6 Clean water and sanitation—ensure availabilityand Somewhat positive Somewhat negative Exempted non-navigable waterways from Clean Water Act, approved ofthe

sustainable management of water and sanitation for all Dakota Access Pipeline that threatens the Missouri River

SDG 7 Affordable and clean energy: ensure access to Venypositive Very negative Gutted environmental regulations and encouraged coal buming, rescinded Clean

affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all Fuel grant programme, imposed tariffs on solar panels that raised solar power
costs

SDG 8 Decent work and economic growth: promote Somenhat positive Littleeffect Continued economic and employment growth until COVID-19 crisis tradewars,

sustained, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, environmental deregulation, relaxed regulation of financial institutions and

fulland productive employment and decentwork for all fiduciaries

SDG 9 Industry, innovation, and infrastructure: build resilient | Little effect Very negative Deregulated occupational and chemical hazards, obstructed funding for

infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable Puerto Rico hurricane and earthquake recovery, undermined disaster preparedness

industrialisation and fosterinnovation

SDG 10 Reduce inequality: reduce inequality within and Little effect Very negative Cutsocial, nutrition and medical programmes for the poor, so-called Muslim ban,

among countries taxwindfalis for wealthy failedto enforce civil rights and fair housing standards,
encouraged voting rights restrictions, weakened protections for LGBTQ people

SDG 11 Sustainable cities and communities: make citiesand — Little effect Very negative Aggressively enforced exclusion, deportation, and incarceration of immigrants,

human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable. including crackdownson sanctuary cities or states, failed to act on threat of global
“warming, weakened CDC and state and local public health departments,

SDG 12 Responsible consumption and production: ensure Littleeffect Very negative Weakened auto fuel economy standards, eviscerated key food and agriculture

sustainable consumption and production pattems research programmes, excluded key epidemiologic research from environmental
regulatory decisions

SDG 13 Climate action: take vrgent action to combat climate Somewhat positive Verynegative Withdrew from Paris Agreement, reversed environmental regulations

change and its impacts.

SDG 14 Life below water: conserve and sustainably usethe Little effect Very negative Expandedoff-shore driling for oil and gas, removed protections from marine

oceans, seas, and marine resources for sustainable national monuments, removed annual catch limits on numerous fish species.

development

SDG 15 Life on land: protect, restore, and promote Somemhatpositive Very negative Allowed mining and fossil fuel extraction in National Monuments, weeakened

sustainable use of terrestrialecosystems, sustainably endangered species and migratory bird protections

manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse

land degradation and halt biodiversity loss.

SDG 16 Peace, justice, and strong institutions: promote Little effect Very negative Expanded military induding ending land mine ban; revoked requirement to report

peacefuland inclusive societies for sustainable development,
provide access to justice for all and build effective,
accountable and indusive institutions atall levels.

SDG 17 Partnerships forthe goals: strengthen the means of.
implementation and revitalise the global partmership for
sustainable development

Evaluations represent consensus of Commission members. CDC=Centers for Disease Control Prevention. SDG=Sustainable Development Goal.

Somewhat positive

Somewhat negative

civlian casvalties from US airstrikes, imposed bellicose foreign and trade policies,
ended federal oversightof violent and discriminatory policing, encouraged racism
and bigotry, reduced incarceration

Cut foreign aid and global health spending

 

Table 4: The effect ofTrump-era versus Obama-era actions on the SDGs

 

 

For the completelist of
Trumpeera regulatory actions.
see https/furwny.brookings.eduf

Trump and authoritarian leaders elsewhere) might yet
presage a period of social progress.

interactives/tracking-
deregulation-in-the-trump-era/

Movements for social justice are, along with scientific
advances and exemplary medical care, key to health
improvement. Itis incumbent on health-care professionals
to offer their expertise and support to all such health-
enhancing efforts.

Conclusion

During the Trump era the USA was led by a president
whose disdain for science and manipulation of hatred
jeopardise the health of the world and its people.
President Trump's denunciations of the status quo ante
and promises to return the USA to greatness,
camouflaged policies that enriched people who were

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

Panel 6: Commission recommendations

Recommendations for immediate executive action

* Implementa nationwide, science-led response to the
COVID-19 pandemic*

« Enforce civil rights, voting rights, and fair-housing laws

* Indude medical institutions" progress on diversity in grant
or contract review criteria for US National Institutes for
Health, US Centers for Disease Control (CDC), and other
federal agencies

* Reinvigorate Justice Department oversight of discriminatory
policing and end transfers of surplus military equipmentto
police departments

* Recommittothe Paris Climate Agreement” and reinstate
occupational and environmental protections and funding

+ Curtail federal prosecutions of substance use and pardon
people previously convicted for such use

* Banfor-profit prisons and immigration detention facilities

« Revoke Trump's anti-immigrant executive orders* and
policies and assure humane treatment of migrants and
people fleeing persecution

* Deliver fullyadequate disaster aid to Puerto Rico

* Align US foreign and trade policy with measures to promote
the Sustainable Development Goals

* Abolish regulations that treat sexual-health services
differently from other health services

* Reversethe Justice Department's support for lawsuits
seeking to overturn the Affordable Care Act

Recommendations for legislative action

* Compensate Native Americans, Native Hawaiians, Puerto
Ricans and African Americans forthe wealth denied to and
confiscated from those groups in the past.

* Implementthe Green New Deal, end subsidies and tax breaks
forfossil fuels, and ban coal mining and single-use plastics.

* Repealthe 2017 tax cutson corporations and the wealthy,
implement new taxes on assets, and increase taxes on
capital gains and high earnings.

+ Increase public expenditures for social programmes, currentiy
18:7% of gross domestic product (GDP), to 24-2% (the average
ofother G7 nations), and repeal time limits and immigration
restrictions on welfare and nutrition programmes

already very wealthy and gave corporations licence to
degrade the environment for financial gain. He halted
progress in almost every domain (table 4), undermined
care for low-income people and the middle class,
weakened pandemic preparedness; withheld food and
shelter from those in need, and persecuted those who
were vulnerable and oppressed.

Unfortunately, Trump's politics and policies are not an
isolated US aberration.

Authoritarian agendas are spreading worldwide, as
politicians mobilise people unsettled by their declining
prospects to go against those below them in racial,
religious, or social hierarchies. Leaders with agendas

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

«Cut defence spending from the current 3-4% of GDP to 1-4%
(the average ofother 67 nations) and increase foreign
development aid from 0-18% at present to the UN target.
of 0:7%

* Complywith long unmet obligations under treaties
between the governments of the US and American Indian
Nations, including boosting the funding of the Indian
Health Service to levels commensurate with need

* Implementsingle-payer national health insurance and
regulate drug prices

«Double federal public health spending, and reverse funding
cutsto the CDC and global health programmes

« Guarantee shelter and increase funding for public and
subsidised housing

* Prioritise funding for substance use treatment integrated
with harm reduction and social services.

«Make free school meals universal and implement policies to
improve their nutritional quality

* Raisethe minimum wage and strengthen labour protections

*  Enactimmigration reforms based on an inclusive vision of
national identity, including: a realistic path forthose
seeking to immigrate; a roadmap to citizenship for
undocumented individuals; and human rights protections
for detainees and other vulnerable migrants

* Restrict gun sales

* Eliminate patents, trade agreement restrictions, and treaties
that impede global access to vital generic drugs

* Implement criminal justice reform through community
control ofthe police, ending cash bail, shifting funds for
public safety to mental health and social intervention, and
ending special legal immunity for police

* Upgrade Puerto Rico's status to assure equal treatmentto
US states

* Protect democracy by implementing campaign finance
reform, easing voter registration, and facilitating voting

“Action taken by President Biden in January 2021 fLegisathve proposal introduced by]
President Biden in January, 2021.

similar to Trump's already hold sway in many places—
eg, Turkey, India, Hungary, the Philippines, and Brazil.
In many other countries such leaders are gaining
influence.

Trump's election was enabled by the failures of his
predecessors. A fourdecade long drift toward neo-
liberal policies bolstered corporate prerogatives, privatised
government services, reinforced racism, and imposed
public austerity. The rich got much richer while their
taxes were halved. Workers earnings stagnated,
welfare programmes shrank, prison populations greatly
increased, and millions were priced out of health care
even as government payments enriched medical investors.

743
The Lancet Commissions

 

744.

GDP grew but longevity lagged, a sign of profound social
dysfunction.

The path away from Trump's politics ofanger and despair
cannot lead through past policies. President Biden must
act for the people, not for the wealthy and the corpora-
tions they control. Resources to combat climate change,
raise living standards, drop financial barriers to higher
education and medical care, meet global aid responsi-
bilities, and empower oppressed communities within
the USA must come from taxes on the rich, and deep cuts
in military spending (panel 6). For health care, overreliance
on the private sector raises costs and distorts priorities,
government must be a doer, not just a funder—eg, directly
providing health coverage and engaging in drug develop-
ment rather than paying private firms to carry out such
functions.

The suffering and dislocation inflicted by COVID-9
has exposed the frailty of the US social and medical
order, and the interconnectedness of society. A new
politics is needed, whose appeal rests on a vision of
shared prosperity and a kind society. Health-care workers
have much to contribute in formulating and advancing
that vision, and our patients, communities, and planet
have much to gain from it.

Contributors

All Commissioners participated in the conception and design of the
report and approved the final draft. SW and DUH oversaw the project and
they integrated and edited all sections, in collaboration with KG. MTB and
MM helped obtain funding. DE provided administrative oversight and
support. The following Commissioners and advisers led the drafting of
individual sections of the report: section 1 (JB, AV, SG, HH, and MTB),
section 2 (ZB, AMc, LT, MB, SLD, KG, and MTB), section 3 (AS, SA,

and DS), section 4 (HH and DS), section 5 (AG and DM, with assistance
from AMc, DS, SLD, and RM), section 6 (MN), section 7 (PJL, SF, JSM,
and MM), section 8 (LP, JSM, and SLD), section 9 (JSM and MM),
section 10 (MC, DB, JEM, and AS), panel 2 (Prof Alfredo Morabia and the
Editors of the American Journal of Public Healtk— AJPH), and panel 3
(OC, with assistance from MN). JB, AV, AG, RM, SLD, GG, DUH,

and SW did quantitative analyses that appear in section 1 and section 5,
and in standalone manuscripts published separately from the
Commission. JE did the analysis of the county level voting and mortality
trends in figure 4. Additional Commission stand-alone analyses have
addressed human rights protections for immigrants (LT, AS, and MM),
and Puerto Rico (OC and MN), and outcomes in investor-owmed versus
non-proft health facilities (SLD, RM, and GG) ML participated in the
Commission's initial discussions while affiliated with National Nurses
United, he subsequentiy left the Commission because of a competing
obligation and rejoined it after that obligation ended. All Commission
members read, suggested revisions to, and approved the final version of
the report.

 

Dedaration ofinterests

KG isa member of the Board of Canopy Health, a limited Knox-Kcene
licensed health plan in California, serving as one of 3 University of
California San Francisco board members for this health plan for vahich
UCSF isa principal equity sharcholder. KG is also a member of
Physicians for a National Health Program, an organisation advocating for
a single payer health plan in the USA. AG is a leader of Physicians for a
National Health Program, a non-profit organisation that favours
expanding insurance through a single payer programme, AG is not paid
by this organisation but some travel has been reimbursed. AV reports
grants from Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, grants from National
Institutes of Health, grants ftom Center for Financial Security (University
of Wisconsin), grants from Commonwealth of Kentucky, outside the
submitted work. AI other authors declare no competing interests.

Acknowledgments
The Commission was supported by grants from the Doris Duke
Charitable Foundation and the Open Society Foundations, vihich covered
costs of some members' travel and lodging for Commission meetings,
and some data purchases. Commissioners were not compensated for
their participation. Additional support came from in-kind contributions
by the Boston University School of Public Health and the Roosevelt
House Public Policy Institute at Hunter College of the City University of
New York, which hosted Commission meetings. Some staff members of
the Open Society Foundations attended some in-person Commission
meetings as observers but played no role in drafing the report or
recommendations. Jaime R Torres and Antonio 1 Fernandez (both from
Latinos for Healthcare Equity) provided general advice and data for the
Puerto Rico panel. Prof Alfredo Morabia (Barry Commoner Center for
Health and the Environment, Queens College City, University of

New York, NY, USA) was the senior adviser to the Commission.

Mark Almberg (an independent consultant) served as the Commission's
fact checker and editorial adviser.

References

1 Himmelstein DU, Woolhandler S, Cooney R, McKee M, Horton R.
The Lancet Commission on public policy and health in the
Trump era. Lancet 2018; 392: 993-95.

2 US National Center for Health Statistics. Health, United States,
2018. Table 4: life expectancy at birth, at age 65, and atage 75,
by sex, race, and Hispanic origin: United States, selected years
1900-2017 https:/ /www:cdc.gov nchs/data/hus/hus18,pdf (accessed
Dec 31, 2020).

3 Xu], Murphy'SL, Kochanek KD, Arias E. Mortality in the
United States, 2018. January 2020. https: //vrwwecde.gov/nchs [data/
databricfs/db355-h. pdf (accessed Jan 31, 2020).

4 Organisation for Economic Co-oporation and Development.
OECD health statistics 2020. July 1, 2020. http://www.occd.org/els
health-systems/health-data.htm (accessed Sept 11, 2020).

5 MarmotM. Health equity in England: the Marmot review 10 years
on. BMJ 2020; 368: m693.

6 McKce M. Commentary: the health crisis in the USSR: looking
behind the facade. Int ] Epidemiol 2006; 35: 1398-99.

7 Piketty T. Capital in the twenty-first century. Cambridge, MA:
Harvard University Press, 2013.

8 Bor], Cohen GH, Galea S. Population health in an era of rising
income inequality: USA, 1980-2015. Lancet 2017; 389: 1475-90.

9 Keynes JM. The economic consequences of the peace. New York,
NY: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, 1920: 211-16.

10 National Center for Homeless Education. National overview. 2018.
http://profiles.nche.seiservices.com/ConsolidatedStateProfileaspx
(accessed Feb 28, 2020).

1 Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. National health
expenditure data. 2019. https://wwvicms.gov/Rescarch-Statistics-
Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/
NationalHealthExpendData (accessed March 12, 2020).

12 Trust for America's Health. The impact of chronic underfunding on
America's public health system: trends, risks, and
recommendations, 2019. April 2019. https:/ /www:tfah.org/report-
details/2019-funding-report/ (accessed Sept 16, 2020).

13 Leider JP, Coronado F, Beck AJ, Harper E. Reconciling supply and
demand for state and local public health staff in an era ofretiring
baby boomers. Am J Prev Med 2018; 54: 334-40.

14 Kaiser ]. Public health. Reorganisation plans roil staff scientists at
CDC. Science 2004; 304: 662-63.

15 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. FY 2019 presidents
budget. https://vrwwcde.gov/budget/documents/5;2019/f-2019-
detail-table. pdf (accessed Sept 16, 2020).

16 Sun LH. Nearly 700 vacancies at CDC because of Trump
administratiorr's hiring freeze. May 19, 2017. https: //vrwrw.
washingtonpost.com/neves/to-your-health /wp/2017/05/19)ncarly-
700-vacancies-at-cde-because-oftrump-administration-hiring-
frceze/ (accessed March 2, 2020).

17 US Government. Response of Dr Steve Redd, Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention, to questions for the record. June 6, 2018.
https: /docs.house.gov/meetings/TF/IF14/20180606/108389/
HHRG-115-IFI4-Wstate-ReddS-20180606-SDO03. pdf (accessed
March 2, 2020).

 

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

18 Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concemed
Scientists. Presidential recommendations for 2020: a blueprint for
defending science and protecting the public. Jan 2020.
htps:/ [www ucsusa org/sites dofault/files/2020-01/presidential-
recommendations-for-2020 O.pd?
ga=2.186848043.2035008188.1583168625-1250082750.1582595575
(accessed March 2, 2020).

19 Himmelstein KEW, Venkataramani AS. Economic vulnerability
among US female health care workers: potential impact ofa
$i5-perhour minimum wage. Am J Public Health 2019;

109: 198-205.

20 Michaels D. What Trump could do right now to keep workers safe
from the coronavirus. March 2, 2020. https://vrwvetheatlantic.com/
ideas /archive/2020 /03/usc-osha-help-stem-covid-19-
pandemic/607312/ (accessed Jan 21, 2021).

21 Hanna-Attisha M, LaChance ], Sadler RC, Champney Schnepp A.
Elevated blood lead levels in children associated with the Flint
drinking water crisis: a spatial analysis of risk and public health
response. Am J Public Health 2016; 106: 283-90.

22 Woolhandler S, Himmelstein DU. Intersecting US cpidemic:
COVID-19 and lack of health insurance. Ann Intern Med 2020;
173:63-64.

23 Whitmee $, Haines A, Beyrer C, et al. Safeguarding human health in
the Anthropocene epoch: report of The Rockefeller Foundation-
Lancet Commission on planetary health. Lancet 2015; 386: 1973-2028.

24 Nolte E, McKee CM. In amenable mortality—deaths avoidable
through health care—progress in the US lags that of
three European countries. Health Af (Millwood) 2012; 31: 2114-22.

25 Grofiman B, Handley L. The impact of the Voting Rights Acton
black representation in Southem state legislatures. Legis Stud Q,
1991; 16: 11-28.

26 Davis K, Schoen K. Health and the war on poverty: a ten-jear
appraisal. Washington, DC: The Brookings Institution, 1978.

27 Travis ], Western B, Redburn S. The growth of incarceration in the
United States: exploring causes and consequences. Washington,
DC: National Academics Press, 2014.

28 Dickman SL, Woolhandler 5, Bor ], McCormick D, Bor DH,
Himmelstein DU. Health spending for low, middle, and high-income
Americans, 1963-2012. Health Aff (Millwood) 2016; 35: 118996.

29 Merling M, Johnson ]. More trouble ahead: Puerto Rico's impending
Medicaid crisis. October 2017. http://cepr.net/images/stories/reports/
puerto-rico-medicaid-2017-10.pdf (accessed Feb 1, 2020).

30 Depersio G. The origins of the Puerto Rican debt crisis. Dec 4, 2019.
https:/ [www investopedia.com/ articles investing/090915/origins-
puerto-rican-debt-risis.asp (accessed Feb 1, 2020).

31 Redden E. Deep cuts in Puerto Rico. July 11, 2019. https:/fwww.
insidehighered.com news/2019/07/1] /university-puerto-rico-faces-
deep-cuts-appropriations (accessed Feb 1, 2020).

32 Executive Office of'the President, US Office of Management and
Budget. Statement ofadministration policy. Jan 16, 2019.
https:/ [www Whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2019/01
saphr268h 20190116.pdf (accessed Feb 1, 2020).

33 Lowey N. New disaster relief package will help Puerto Ricans and
Midwesterners. April 2019. https://cdition.cnn.com /2019/04/29/
opinions/disaster-relieFaid-puerto-rico-midwest-lowey findex. html
(accessed Feb 1, 2020).

34 Bor]. Diverging life expectancies and voting pattems in the
2016 US presidential election. Am J Public Health 2017;

107: 1560-62.

35 Center for Systems Science and Engincering, John Hopkins
University. COVID-19 Data Repository. 2020. https://coronavirus.
jhu.edu/map.html (accessed Feb 4, 2021).

36. Reuters staff. Trump said he knew virus was deadly but still played
down crisis: Woodward book. Sept 9, 2020. https://www.reuters.
comyarticle/us-usa-trump-book ftrump-said-he-knew-virus-was-
deadly-butstillplayed-down-crisis-woodward-book-
idUSKBN2602TR (accessed Jan 21, 2021).

37 Sehgal AR, Himmelstein DU, Woolhandler S. Feasibility of separate
rooms for home isolation and quarantine for COVID-19 in the
United States. Ann Inter Med 2020; published online July 21.
htps://doi.org/10.7326/M20-4331.

38 Human Mortality Database. Data availability. 2018. https:/ www.
mortality org/cgi-bin /hmd/DataAvailability.php (accessed
Sept9, 2020).

 
 

 

  

 

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

39

4

42

43

as

“7

49

so

st

s2

53

s4
55

56

s7

s8

s9

so

o

o

Case A, Deaton A. Rising morbidity and mortality in midlife among
white non-Hispanic Americans in the 21º century.

Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 2015; 112: 15078-83.

Woolf SH, Schoomaker H. Life expectancy and mortality rates in
the United States, 1959-2017 JAMA 2019; 322: 1996-2016.
https://jamanetwork. com journals/jamayfullarticle/2756187
(accessed Jan 15, 2020).

Muennig PA, Reynolds M, Fink DS, Zafari Z, Geronimus AT.
America's declining well-being, health, and life expectancy: not just
awhite problem. Am J Public Health 2018; 108: 1626-31.
Case A, Deaton A. Mortality and morbidity in the 21º century.
Brookings Pap Econ Act 2017; 2017: 397-476.

Petersen EE, Davis NL, Goodman D, et al. Racial/ethnic disparities
in pregnancy-telated deaths— United States, 2007-2016.

MMWR Morb Mortal Whly Rep 2019; 68: 762-65.

Andrasfay T, Goldman N. Reductions in 2020 US life expectancy due
to COVIDA19 and the disproportionate impact on the Blackand Latino
populations. medRxiv 2020; published online Oct 15. https://
medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.0712.20148387v2 (preprint).
Bassett MT, Chen ], Krieger N. The unegual tollof COVID-19
mortality by age in the United States: quantifjing racial/ethnic
disparities. June 12, 2020. https:/cdni.sph.harvard.edu/wp-
content uploads/sites/1266/2020/06/20. Bassett-Chen-Krieger
COVID-19. plus. age working-paper. 0612. Vol-19. No-3. with-cover.
pdf (accessed Sept 10, 2020).

Alexander MJ, Kiang MV, Barbieri M. Trends in black and vihite
opioid mortality in the United States, 1979-2015. Epidemiology 2018;
29: 707-15.

Boyd RW. Despair doesn't Kill, defending whiteness does. Lancet
2020; 395: 105-06.

Netherland ], Hansen H. White opioids: pharmaceutical race and
the war on drugs that wasr!t. Biosocieties 2017; 12: 217-38.

Lippold KM, Jones CM, O'Malley Olsen E, Giroir BP. Racial/ethnic
and age group differences in opioid and synthetic opioid-involved
overdose deaths among adults aged >18 years in metropolitan
areas —United States, 2015-2017 MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep
2019; 68: 967-73.

Binswanger IA, Stem MF, Deyo RA, etal. Release from prison—

a high risk of death for former inmates. N Engl J Med 2007;

356: 157-65.

Gladden RM, Martinez P, Seth P. Fentanyl law enforcement
submissions and increases in synthetic opioid-involved overdose
deaths—27 states, 2013-2014. MMWR Morb Mortal Wky Rep 2016;
65:837-43.

Venkataramani AS, Chatterjce P, Kawachi 1, Tsai AC. Economic
opportunity, health behaviours, and mortality in the United States.
Am J Public Health 2016; 106: 478-84.

Pierce JR, Schott PK. Trade liberalisation and mortality: evidence
from US counties. Am Econ Rev Insights 2020; 2: 47-64.

Wilson W] . When work disappears. New York: Random House, 1996.
Telfair Sharpe T. Behind the eight ball: sex for crack cocaine
exchange and poor Black women. New York, NY. Routledge, 2005.
Metzl JM. Dying of whiteness: how the politics of racial resentment
is killing America's heartland. New York: Basic Books, 2019.

Chetty R, Stepner M, Abraham S, ct al. The association between
income and life expectancy in the United States, 2001-2014. JAMA
2016; 315: 1750-66.

Link BG, Phelan ]. Social conditions as fundamental causes of
disease. J Health Soc Behav 1995; 35: 80-94,

Ezzati M, Friedman AB, Kulkarni SC, Murray CJ. The reversal of
fortunes: trends in county mortality and cross-county mortality
disparities in the United States. PLOS Med 2008; 5: c66.
Dwyer-Lindgren L, Bertozzi-Villa A, Stubbs RW, et al. Inegualities
in life expectancy among US counties, 1980 to 2014.

JAMA Intern Med 2017; 177: 1003-11.

Elo IT, Hendi AS, Ho JY, Vierboom YC, Preston SH. Trends in
non-Hispanic vehite mortality in the United States by metropolitan-
nonmetropolitan status and region, 1990-2016. Popul Dev Rev 2019;
45: 549-83.

Gourevitch MN. Large life expectancy gaps in US cities linked to
racial and ethnic segregation by neighbourhood. June 5, 2019.
https://nyulangone.org/noves/large-ife-expectancy-gaps-us-cities-
linked-racial-ethnic-segregation-neighborhood (accessed Feb 1, 2020).

 

  

 

 

 

 

745
The Lancet Commissions

 

So

6

9

so

7

2

73

A

7

7%

78

8

8

8

8

Autor D, Dorn D, Hanson G. When work disappears:
manufacturing decline and the falling marriage-market value of
young men. February 2017. http: //vrwvenber.org/papers/w23173.pdf
faccessed June 28, 2019).

Nosrati E, Ash M, Marmot M, Mckee M, King LP. The association
between income and life expectancy revisited: deindustrialisation,
incarceration and the widening health gap. Int J Epidemiol 2018;
47:720-30.

Venkataramani AS, Bair EF, O'Brien RL, Tai AC. Association
between automotive assembly plant closures and opioid overdose
mortality in the United States: a difference-in-differences analysis.
JAMA Intern Med 2020; 180: 254-62.

Nosrati E, Kang-Brown ], Ash M, McKce M, Marmot M, King LP.
Economic dedline, incarceration, and mortality from drug use
disorders in the USA between 1983 and 2014: an observational
analysis. Lancet Public Health 2019; 4: 0326-33.
Dow W, Godoy A, Lowenstein C, Reich M. Can economic policies
reduce deaths of despair? April 2019. http:/ wwvenbororg/papers/
w25787pdf (accessed June 28, 2019).

Montez JK, Beckfield ], Cooney JK, etal. US state policies, politics,
and life expectancy. Milbank Q 2020; 98: 68-99.

Beckficld ], Bambra C. Shorter lives in stingier states: social policy
shortcomings help explain the US mortality disadvantage.

Soc Sci Med 2016; 171: 30-38.

WoolfSH, Aron L. US health in international perspective: shorter
lives, poorer health. Washington, DC: National Academies Press;
2013.

Preston SH, Vierboom YC, Stokes A. The role of obesity in
exceptionally slow US mortality improvement.

Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 2018; 115: 957-61.

Preston SH, Glei DA, Wilmoth JR. Contribution of smoking to
international differences in life expectancy. In: Crimmins EM,
Preston 5, Cohen B, eds. International differences in mortality at
older ages: dimensions and sources. Washington, DC: National
Academies Press, 2010.

Galea S. Well: what wo need to talk about when we talk about
health. New York: Oxford University Press, 2019.

Autor D, Dorn D, Hanson G, Majlesi K. Importing political
polarisation? The electoral consequences of rising trade exposure.
December 2017. https://economics.mit.edufiles/11665 (accessed
June 29, 2019).

Stuckder D, Basu S, Suhreke M, Coutts A, McKee M. The public
health effect of economic crises and altemative policy responses in
Europe: an empirical analysis. Lancet 2009; 374: 315-23.
Galofré-Vila G, Meissner C, McKee M, Stuckder D. Austerity and the
rise of the Nazi party. December 2017. http://www.nber.org/papers/
w24106. pdf (accessed June 29, 2019).

Fetzer T. Did austerity cause Brexit? Am Econ Rev 2019; 109: 3849-86.
Koltai ], Varchetta EM, McKee M, Stuckler D. Deaths of despair and
Brexit votes: cross-local authority statistical analysis in England and
Wales. Am J Public Health 2020; 110: 401-06.

Kuziemko 1, Washington E. Why did the Democrats lose the South?
Bringing new data to an old debate. Am Econ Rev 2018; 108: 2830-67.
Kim D. The associations betwcen US state and local social
spending, income inequality, and individual all-cause and cause-
specific mortality: the National Longitudinal Mortality Study.

Prev Med 2016; 84: 62-68.

MacLean N. Democracy in chains: the deep history of the radical
right's stealth plan for America. New York: Penguin, 2017.

Iatner M. Our unhealthy democracy: how voting restrictions harm
public health—and what we can do about it. Oct 25, 2019.

https: farww.ucsusa.org/resources/ourunhealthy-democracy
(accessed Feb 24, 2020).

King ML Jr. Why we can't wait. Boston: Beacon Press, 1964.

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. COVID-19 hospitalisation
and death by race/ethnicity. Aug 18, 2020. https://wrwrvecde gov/
coronavirus/2019-ncov/covid data investigations-discovery/
hospitalization-death-by-race-cthnicity html (accessed Sept 3, 2020).
Saloner B, Parish K, Ward JA, Dilaura G, Dolovich S. COVIDA9 cases
and deaths in federal and state prisons. JAMA 2020; 324: 602-03.
Reinhart E, Chen DL. Incarceration and its disseminations;
COVID-19 pandemic lessons from Chicago's Cook County jail.
Health Aff (Milhvood) 2020; published online June 4. https://doi.
org/10.1377 hlthaff.2020.00652.

 

  

  

  

  

 

 

8

E

9

92

3

9

9%

10%

8

107

102

10.

104

10º

10%

&

107

10º

&

109

no

ut

u

Edwards F, Lce H, Esposito M. Risk of being Killed by police use of
force in the United States by age, race-cthnicity, and sex.

Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 2019; 116: 16793-98.

Bird ME. Health and indigenous people: recommendations for the
next generation. Am J Public Health 2002; 92: 1391-92.

Braveman P, Gottlieb L. The social determinants of health: it's time
to consider the causes of the causes. Public Health Rep 2014;

129 (suppl 2); 19-31.

Jones DS. The persistence of American Indian health disparities.
“Am J Public Health 2006; 96: 2122-34.

Warne D, Frizzell LB. American Indian health policy: historical
trends and contemporary issues. Am J Public Health 2014;

104 (suppl 3); S263-67

Goodridge ], Schwartzer M, Jantz C, Christian L. Prison labourin
the United States: an investor perspective. April 2019.
https://missioninvestors.org/sites default files resources /
Prisons620Labor% 20inS620theS6 20UnitedS620States9620-5620
AnS620Investor%20 Perspective. pdf (accessed Sept 4, 2020).

Prison Policy Initiative. State and federal prison wage policies and
sourcing information. April 2020. https:/ www: prisonpolicy.org/
reports/wage. policies.html (accessed Aug 31, 2020).

Guttenplan DD. [ts time to disarm the police. June 25, 2020.
https://wwvethenation.com /article/society disarm-police-nypd-
slavery (accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Roberts DE. What's wrong with race-based medicine? Genes, drugs,
and health disparities. Minn J Law Sci Technol 2011; 12: 1-21.

Braun L. Race, ethnicity and lung function: a brief history.

Can J Respir Ther 2015; 81: 99-101.

Quadagno ]S. The colour of welfare: how racism undermined the
war on poverty. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1994,

Largent EA. Public health, racism, and the lasting impact of
hospital segregation. Public Health Rep 2018; 133: 715-20.

Boyd RW. The case for descgregation. Lancet 2019; 393: 2484-85.
Interlandi ]. Why doesn't the United States have universal health
care2Aug 18, 2019. https: /wwwnytimes.com/

interactive 2019 /08/14/magazine universal-health-care-racism.
htmbmtrref=wwwgoogle.comêgwh=1B 354DDFBA3FC75 24EC.
9MICD2A329508&gwt=regi&assetType=REGIWALL (accessed
Dec31, 2020).

Ledger K. In a sea of white faces. Hopkins Medical News, Winter 1998.
https://vecb archive. org fweb/ 20110611033731/http:| eve
hopkinsmedicine.org/hmn/w98/sca.html (accessed Dec 31, 2020).
Association of American Medical Colleges. Diversity in medical
education-—additional detailed tables. 2016. https: /fwvrw.
aamediversityfactsand igures2016.org/report-section/section-5/
(accessed Feb 14, 2020).

Krieger N, Chen JT, Coull B, Waterman PD, Beckficld ]. The unique
impact of abolition of Jim Crow laws on reducing incquities in
infant death rates and implications for choice of comparison groups.
in analysing societal determinants of health. Am J Public Health
2013; 103: 223444,

Acs G, Braswell K, Sorensen ES, Tumer MA. The Moynihan Report
revisited. Washington, DC: The Urban Institute, 2013.

Baum D. Legalise it all how to vin the war on drugs. April 2016.
https://harpers.org/archive/2016/04/legalize-itall/ (accessed

Jan 16, 2020).

Krieger N, Rehkopf DH, Chen JT, Waterman PD, Marcel E,
Kennedy M. The fall and rise of US inequities in premature
mortality: 1960-2002. PLOS Med 2008; 5: 046.

US Bureau of Justice Statistics. Key statistics: prisoners. 2016. https://
wwwbjs.gov/index cfm?ty=kfdetail&iid=488 (accessed March 2, 2020).
Reinarman C, Levine H. Crack in America: demon drugs and social
justice. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1997.

Alexander M. The new Jim Crow: mass incarceration in the age of
colour blindness. New York: New Press, 2010.

Carson EA. Prisoners in 2018. April 2020. https:/ fwwwebjs.gov/
content/pub/pdf/p18.pdf (accessed Sept 1, 2020).
Zeng Z. Jail inmates in 2018. March 31, 2020. ht
contentypub/pdf/jil8.pdf (accessed Sept 1, 2020).
Daniel R. Since you asked: what data exists about Native
American people in the criminal justice system? April 22, 2020.
https://www: prisonpolicy.org/blog/2020/04/22native/ (accessed
Sept 16, 2020).

 

 

 Porwevabjs.gov/

 

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

113. Patterson EJ, Wildeman C. Mass imprisonment and the life course
revisited: cumulative years spent imprisoncd and marked for
working-age black and white men. Soc Sci Res 2015; 53: 325-37.

114 Beyrer C, Kamarulzaman A, McKee M. Prisoners, prisons, and
HIV: time for reform. Lancet 2016; 388: 1033-35.

115 Wildeman C, Wang EA. Mass incarceration, public health, and
widening inequality in the USA. Lancet 2017; 389: 4GA-74.

116 Frank JW, Wang EA, Nunez-Smith M, Lee H, Comfort M.
Discrimination based on criminal record and healthcare utilisation
among men recently released from prison: a descriptive study.
Health Justice 2014; 2: 6.

117 Grumbach K, Mendoza R. Disparities in human resource:
addressing the lack of diversity in the health professions.
Health Aff (Milhvood) 2008; 27: 413-22.

118 Hung P, Henning-Smith CE, Casey MM, Kozhimannil KB.

Access to obstetric services in rural counties still declining,
with 9 percent losing services, 2004-14. Health Aff (Millwood) 2017;
36: 1663-71.

119 Garfield RL, Orgera K, Damico A. The coverage gap: uninsured
poor adults in states that do not expand Medicaid. Jan 14, 2020.
https: / [www ff org /medicaid issue-bricf/the-coverage-gap-
uninsured-pooradults-in-states-that-do-not-expand-medicaid
(accessed Feb 10, 2020).

120 Pelech D. An analysis of private-sector prices for physicians!
services: working paper 2018-01. Jan 12, 2018. https://wwrw.cbo.gov/
publication/53441 (accessed Jan 20, 2020).

121 Joseph A, Pratt B, Joseph V. The national Tribal budget formulation
workgroup's recommendations on the Indian Health Service Fiscal
Year 2021 Budget. April 2019. https://wwvenihb.org/
docs/04242019/307871. NIHBS6201 HS5620Budget%20 Book WEB.
PDF (accessed Jan 15, 2020).

122 Lopez G. Obama is first president in decades to leave office with a
smaller federal prison population. Jan 6, 2017 https://wwvwexox.
comypolicy-and-politics/2017/1/6/14189862/obama-mass-
incarceration-prison (accessed Sept 2, 2020).

123 Bor ], Venkataramani AS, Williams DR, Tsai AC. Police killings
and their spillover effects on the mental health of black
Americans: a population-based, quasi-experimental study. Lancet
2018; 392: 302-10.

124 US Census Bureau. 2018 population estimates by age, sex, race and
Hispanic origin. June 20, 2019. https:/ fyrwvw-census.gov/newsroom/
press-lits/2019/detailed-estimates.html (accessed Dec 30, 2020).

125 Association of American Medical Colleges. Diversity in medicine: facts
and figures 2019. 2019. https://wwwaame org /data-reports workforce/
reportjdiversitymedicine-factsand-figures-2019 (accessed Dec 30,
2020).

126 US Department of Health and Human Services. Sex, race, and
ethnic diversity of US health occupations (2011-2015). August 2017.
htps://bhychrsa.gov/sites default/files/burcau-health-workforce/
data-rescarchjdiversity-us-health-occupations.pdf (accessed
Dec 30, 2020).

127. Association of American Medical Colleges. Altering the course:
black males in medicine. Washington, DC: Association of American
Medical Colleges, 2015.

128 Association of American Medical Colleges. An updated look at the
economic diversity of US medical students. October 2018.
htps:/ ww: aamc.org/media/9596/download (accessed
Jan 13, 2021).

129 McGregor AJ, Blendon RJ, Zaslavsky AM. Examining Christian
views toward the Affordable Care Act: The importance of race and
denomination. J Prev Intery Community 2020; 48: 7-28.

130 Feinberg A, Branton R, Martinez-Ebers V. The Trump effect:
how 2016 campaign rallies explain spikes in hate. http://lmas.unt.
edujsites Jmas.unt.edu/files/lmas/ate9%620 Incidents%20Spike 0.
pdf (accessed Jan 16, 2020).

131 BBC News. President Trump calls coronavirus “kung flu”. June 24,
2020. https:| www: bbe.co uk noves/av/world-us-canada-53173436
(accessed Jan 21, 2021).

132 Moynihan D, Porumbescu G. Trump's 'Chinese virus' slur makes
some people blame Chinese Americans. But others blame Trump.
Sept 16, 2020. https:| www: washingtonpost.com/
politics/2020/09/16/trumps-chinese-virus-slur-makes-some-people-
blame-chinese-americans-others-blame-trumpy (accessed
Jan 21, 2021).

 

 

   

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

13

14

EE:

136

17

138

139

140

14

14

43

ua

us

16

14

us

1u

8

15

8

15

Burns K. The racist history of Trump's “When the looting starts, the
shooting starts” tweet. May 29, 2020. https: //wwrwvox.com/
identities/2020/5/29/21274754racist-history-trump-vihen-the-
looting-starts-the-shooting-starts (accessed Jan 21, 2021).

Rosenberg E. Trump is “most excited” about death penalty for drug
dealers. Feb 15, 2019. https:/vwrww.washingtonpost.com politics
2019/02/15 trump-again-praises-strongmen «who-execute-drug-
dealers-rights-groups-say-its-terrible-idea (accessed March 2, 2020).
Balko R. The Trump administration gave up on federal oversight of
police agencies—just as it was starting to work. Jan 28, 2019.

https:/ www: washingtonpost.com opinions/2019/01/28/trump-
administration-gave-up-federal-oversight-police-agencies-justitwas-
starting-work (accessed Jan 2, 2021).

Fung E. Donald Trump has been very good for publicly listed prison
owners. Feb 26, 2019. https: /www.vis).com articles donald-trump-
has-been-very-good-forpublicly-listed-prison-owners-11551189601
(accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Hartocollis A. He took on the voting rights act and won. Now he's
taking on Harvard. Nov 19, 2017. https:/ wwvenytimes.com/2017/11/
19/us/afirmative-action-lawsuits.html (accessed Dec 31, 2020).
Berchick ER, Barnett JC, Upton RD. Health insurance coverage in
the United States: 2018. November, 2019. https: / wwrwcensus.gov/
content [dam [Census library /publications/2019/demo /p60-267pdf
(accessed Jan 20, 2020).

Dom S. America's coverage crisis deepens: new survey data show
millions ofadults became uninsured, starting in late June.

Aug 3, 2020. https://familiesusa.org/resources/americas-coverage-
crisis-deepens-new-survey-data-show-millions-ofadults-became-
uninsuredstarting-in-late-june/ (accessed Sept 3, 2020).

Mullan F, Chen C, Petterson S, Kolsky G, Spagnola M. The social
mission of medical education: ranking the schools. Ann Intem Med
2010; 152: 804-11.

Chadha N, Lim B, Kane M, Rowland B. Toward the abolition of
biological race in medicine: transforming clinical education,
research, and practice. May 2020. https:/ jwww.
institutoforhealingandjustice.org/s/Toward-the-Abolition-of
Biological-Race-in-Medicine-FINAL.pdf (accessed Sept 3, 2020).
Bialik K. ICE arrests went up in 2017, with biggest increases in
Florida, northern Texas, Oklahoma. Feb 8, 2018. http://vrww.
pewrescarch.org/facttank/2018/02/08/ice-arrestsawent-up-in-2017-
with-biggest-increases-in-forida-northem-texas-olklahoma/
(accessed Dec 23, 2019).

Saadi A, De Trinidad Young ME, Patler C, Estrada JL, Venters H.
Understanding US immigration detention: reaffirming rights and
addressing social-structural determinants of health.

Health Hum Rights 2020; 22: 187-97

Saadi A, Tesema L. Privatisation ofimmigration detention facilities.
Lancet 2019; 393: 2299.

The White House. Executive order protecting the nation from foreign
terroristentry into the United States. March 6, 2017 https: /fwww.
whitohouse.gov/searchy?s=executive+orders protecting+the+nation+fr
om+forcign-terroristrentry+unitedestates(accessed Dec 31, 2020).
Lew-Williams B. The Chinese must go: violence, exclusion, and the
making of the alien in America. Cambridge, MA: Harvard
University Press, 2018.

Krogstad JM. Key facts about refugees to the US. Oct 7, 2019.
juv: pewrescarch.org)facttank/2019/10/07/key-facts-about-
refugees-to-the-u-s/ (accessed Oct 13, 2019).

US Citizenship and Immigration Services. Guidance for processing
reasonable fear, credible fear, asylum, and refugee claims in
accordance with matter of A-B-. July 11, 2018. https://www.uscis.
gov/sites/default/files/document/memos/2018-06-18-PM-602-0162-
ÚSCIS-Memorandum-Matter-oFA-B.PDF (accessed Dec 31, 2020).
Rodgers ]. Feds blocked from denying parole to all asylum seckers.
Sept'5, 2019. https://wrww.courthousenewes.com/feds-blocked-from-
denying-parole-to-all-asylum-seekers/ (accessed Oct 13, 2019).
Physicians for Human Rights. “Unsafe, unsanitary, inhumane":
PHR medical experts observations at the matamoros migrant
encampment. Sept 26, 2019. https://phr.org /news/phr-statement-
on-migranteprotection-protocols/ (accessed Oct 13, 2019).
Dickerson C. The youngest child separated from his family at the
border was 4 months old. June 16, 2019. https://wwvenytimes.
com/2019/06/16 /us /baby-constantine-romania-migrants.html
(accessed Oct 13, 2019).

 

 

  

 

 

747
The Lancet Commissions

 

152

15

15

e

15

156

15

158

159

160

161

16

163

164

16

16

168

169

10

7

v

v

US Department of Health and Human Services. HS is executing
on its mission with care and compassion. July 6, 2018. https:/ /www.
hhs.gov/about/news/2018 [07/06 [hhs-executing-its-mission-care-
andcompassion html (accessed Oct 13, 2019),

American Civil Liberties Union. Family separation: by the numbers.
Oct2, 2018. https:/ [www.aclu.org/issues fimmigrante-rights/
immigrants-rights-and-detention/family-separation (accessed

Oct 13, 2019).

Krogstad JM, Gonzalez-Barrera A. Key facts about US immigration
policies and proposed changes. May 17, 2019. https:/fwww:.
pewrescarch.org/fact-tank2019/05 /17/key-facts-about-u-s-
immigration-policiesand-proposed-changes/ (accessed Oct 13, 2019).
Katz MH, Chokshi DA. The “public charge” proposal and public
health: implications for patients and clinicians. /AMA 2018;

320: 2075-76.

American Immigration Council. The end of immigration
enforcement priorities under the Trump administration.

March 7, 2018. https: //vwrwrwamericanimmigrationcouncil.org/
rescarch/immigration-enforcementpriorities-under-trump-
administration (accessed Oct 9, 2019).

Leung], Elson D, Sanders K, et al. Notes from the field: mumps in
detention facilities that house detained migrants—United States,
September 2018-August 2019. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 2019;
68:749-50.

Acevedo N. Why are migrant children dying in US custody?

May 29, 2020. https: /wwvenbenews.com jnews/latino wihy-are-
migrant-children-dying-u-s-custody-n1010316 (accessed

Jan 21, 2021).

Gemmill A, Catalano R, Casey JA, et al. Association of preterm
births among US Latina women with the 2016 presidential election.
JAMA Netyw Open 2019; 2: 197084

Fleming PJ, Lopez WD, Mesa H, et al. A qualitative study on the
impact of the 2016 US election on the health ofimmigrant families
in southeast Michigan. BMC Public Health 2019; 19: 947.

Chu DM, Aagaard ), Levitt R, et al. Cohort analysis ofimmigrant
ibetoric on timely and regular access of prenatal care. Obstet Gynecol
2019; 133: 117-28.

Perreira KM, Pedroza JM. Policies ofexclusion: implications for the
health ofimmigrants and their children. Annu Rev Public Health
2019; 40: 147-66.

Martínez AD, Ruclas L, Granger DA. Houschold fear of deportation
in relation to chronic stressors and salivary proinflammatory
cytolânes in Mexican-origin families post-SB 1070. SSM Popul Health
2018; 5: 188-200.

Eskenazi B, Fahoy CA, Kogut K, et al. Association of perceived
immigration policy vulnerability vith mental and physical health
among US-bom Latino adolescents in California. JAMA Pediatr
2019; 173: 744-53.

Novak NL, Geronimus AT, Martinez-Cardoso AM. Change in birth
outcomes among infants bom to Latina mothers after a major
immigration raid. Int J Epidemiol 2017; 46: 839-49.
Venkataramani AS, Shah SJ, O'Brien R, Kawachi [, Tsai AC.

Health consequences of the US Deferred Action for Childhood
Arrivals (DACA) immigration programme: a quasi-experimental
study. Lancet Public Health 2017; 2: c175-81.

Torres SA, Santiago CD, Walts KK, Richards MH. Immigration
policy, practices, and procedures: The impact on the mental health
of Mexican and Central American youth and families. Am Psychol
2018; 73: 843-S4,

Linton JM, Griffin M, Shapiro AJ. Detention of immigrant children.
Pediatrics 2017; 139: 020170483.

Saadi A, Ahmed 5, Katz MH. Making a case for sanctuary hospitals.
JAMA 2017; 318: 2079-80.

Kim G, Molina US, Saadi A. Should immigration status information
be included in a patient's health record? AMA / Ethics 2019; 21: E8-16.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Provisional drug
overdose death counts. 2020. https: /wwvcde. gov nchsjnvss jvsrr/
drug-overdose-data.htm (accessed Feb 15, 2020).

Kochanek KD, Murphy SL, Xu ], Arias E. Deaths: final data for 2017.
Natl Vital Stat Rep 2019; .

Furr-Holden D, Milam AJ, Wang L, Sadler R. African Americans
now outpace whites in opioid-involved overdose deaths:

a comparison of temporal trends from 1999-2018. Addiction 2020;
published online Aug 27. https://doi.org/10.1111/add 15233.

 

 

  

  

 

 

  

Er

7

76

7

vs

7

8

180

181

182

183

184

185

18

8

187

18

&

18

&

19%

8

9

9

19

19

a

American Medical Association. Issue brief: reports of increased
overdose and other concems during COVID pandemic.

Aug 14, 2020. https://wwwama-assn.org/system/files/2020-06 /
issue-briefincreases-in-opioid-related-overdose.pdf (accessed

Sept 5, 2020),

Khatri UG, Perrone ]. Opioid use disorder and COVID-19:
crashing of the crises. J Addict Med 2020; 14: 06-7.

Kim JW, Morgan E, Nyhan B. Treatment versus punishment:
understanding racial incqualities in drug policy.

J Health Polit Policy Law 2020; 45: 177-209.

Haight SC, Ko ]Y, Tong VT, Bohm MK, Callaghan WM. Opioid use
disorder documented at delivery hospitalisation-United States,
1999-2014. MMWR Morb Monal Wkly Rep 2018; 67: 84549.
Kozhimannil KB, Dowd WN, Ali MM, Novak P, Chen ]. Substance
use disorder treatment admissions and state-level prenatal
substance use policies: Evidence from a national treatment
database. Addict Behav 2019; 90: 272-77.

Faherty L), Kranz AM, Russell-Fritch ], Patrick SW, Cantor ],
Stein BD. Association of punitive and reporting state policies
related to substance use in pregnancy with rates of neonatal
abstinence syndrome. JAMA Netw Open 2019; 2: 1914078.
Schempf AH, Strobino DM. Drug use and limited prenatal ca
an examination of responsible barriers. Am J Obstet Gynecol 2009;
200: 412.€1-10.

Miller AM, McDonald M, Warren M. Neonatal abstinence
syndrome surveillance annual report 2017. 2017. https://wwrw.tn.gov/
content/dam /tn/health/documents jnas/NAS-Annual-Report-2017
pdf (accessed March 29, 2019).

Chasnoff 1], Bums W], Schnoll SH, Bums KA. Cocaine use in
pregnancy. N Engl J Med 1985; 313: 666-69.

Zuckerman E, Frank DA, Mayes L Cocaine-exposed infants and
developmental outcomes: “crack kids” revisited. JAMA 2002;

287: 1990-91.

Sigmon SC, Dunn KE, Saulsgiver K, etal. A randomised,
double-blind evaluation of buprenorphine taper duration in primary
prescription opioid abusers. JAMA Psychiatry 2013; 70: 1347-54.
Larochelle MR, Bemson D, Land T, et al. Medication for opioid use
disorder after nonfatal opioid overdose and association with
mortality. Ann Intern Med 2018; 169: 137-45.

Lagisetty PA, Ross R, Bohnert A, Clay M, Maust DT. Buprenorphine
treatment divide by race ethnicity and payment. JAMA Psychiatry
2019; 76: 979-81.

Hansen HB, Siegel CE, Case BG, Bertollo DN, DiRocco D,

Galanter M. Variation in use of buprenorphine and methadone
treatment by racial, cthnic, and income characteristics of residential
social areas in New York City. J Behav Health Serv Res 2013;
40:367-7

Saloner B, McGinty EE, Beletsky L, etal. A public health strategy for
the opioid crisis. Public Health Rep 2018; 133 (suppl): 24-345.
deShazo RD, Johnson M, Eriator 1, Rodenmeyer K. Backstories on
the US opioid epidemic. Good intentions gone bad, an industry
gone rogue, and watch dogs gone to slcep. Am J Med 2018;

131: 595601.

Bowen EA, Irish A. A policy mapping analysis of goals, target
populations, and punitive notions in the US congressional
response to the opioid epidemic. Int J Drug Policy 2019; 74: 90-97.
US National Institute of Mental Health. The Trans-NIH baby Brain
Cognitive Development (bBCD) Study: Sept 20, 2018. https://www:.
nimh.nih.gov/funding/grantwriting-and-application-process/
conceptclearances/2018/the-trans-nih-baby-brain-cognitive-
development-bbed-study-shtml (accessed Aug 1, 2019),

Berchick ER, Hood E, Barnett JC. Health insurance coverage in the
United States: 2017 Sept 12, 2018. https://www.census.gov/library/
publications/2018/demo/p60-264.html (accessed Jan 21, 2021).
Council of Economic Advisers. Methodological appendix.

methods used to construct a consistent historical time series of
health insurance coverage. Dec 18, 2014. https://
obamawhitehousearchives.gov/sites/default/files docs
longtermhealthinsuranceseriesmethodologyfinal. pdf (accessed
Sept 18, 2020).

Cohen RA, Terlizzi EP, Martinez ME. Health insurance coverage:
carly release of estimates from the National Health Interview
Survey, 2018 and 2019 editions. 2020. https://vwwecde.gov/nchs/
nhis/healthinsurancecoverage.htm (accessed Dec 31, 2020).

   

  

 

  

 

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

195 The Boards of Trustees, Federal Hospital Insurance, Federal
Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Funds. 2020 annual report
of the Boards of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance and
Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Funds.

April 22, 2020. https:/ [www.cms gov files document/2020-
medicare-trustees-report.pdf (accessed Sept 14, 2020).

196 US General Accounting Office. Alleged misconduct by international
medical centers: statement of David C Williams, Director Office of
Special Investigations. Dec 15, 1987 https://wwvegao.gov/
assets/110/101921.pdf (accessed Feb 5, 2020).

197 Richey W. US fights Spain's refusal to return ex-Floridian to face
charges. Feb 18, 1995. https://www.sun-sentinel.com jnews/fl-
xpm-1995-02-18-9502170747-story html (accessed Feb7, 2020).

198 Morgan RO, Vimig BA, DeVito CA, Persily NA. The Medicare-
HMO revolving door— the healthy go in and the sick go out.

N Engl J Med 1997; 337: 169-75.

199 Rahman M, Keohane L, Trivedi AN, Mor V. High-cost patients had
substantial rates of leaving Medicare Advantage and joining
traditional Medicare. Health Aff (Milhvood ) 2015; 34: 1675-81.

200 Jacobson G, Fehr R, Cox C, Neuman T. Financial performance of
Medicare advantage, individual, and group health insurance
markets. Aug 5, 2019. https: /wwwkff.org/report-section /financial-
performance-of-medicare-advantage-ndividual-and-group-health-
insurance-markets-issue-brief/ (accessed Dec 2, 2019).

201 Geruso M, Layton T. Upcoding: evidence from Medicare on squishy
risk adjustment. J Polit Econ 2020; 12: 984-1026.

202 Chemew M, Ginsburg P, Casalino LP, et al. Medicare payment
advisory commission: public meeting. Sept 3, 2020. htp:/orww.

 

medpac gov/docs default-source /meeting-materials/september2020.

medpac meetingtranscript sec pdfPsfvrsn=0 (accessed Jan 21, 2021).

Mazurenko O, Balio CP, Agarwal R, Carroll AE, Menachemi N.

The effects of Medicaid expansion under the ACA: a systematic

review. Health Aff (Millwood) 2018; 37: 944-50.

204 Miller 5, Altekruse 5, Johnson N, Wherry LR. Medicaid and
mortality: new evidence from linked survey and administrative data.
Cambridge, MA: National Bureau of Economic Research, 2019.

205 Gaffney A, McCormick D. The Affordable Care Act: implications for
health-care equity. Lancet 2017; 389: 1442-52.

206 Woolhandler S, Himmelstein DU. The relationship of health

insurance and mortality: is lack of insurance deadly? Ann Intern Med

2017; 167:424-31,

Collins SR, Bhupal HK, Doty MM. Health insurance coverage

eight years after the ACA: fewer uninsured Americans and shorter

coverage gaps, but more underinsured. February 2019. https:/ www.
commonwealthfund.org/sites/ default files/2019-08/Collins hlt
ins coverage 8 years. after ACA 2018. biennial survey. sb v2. pdf

(accessed Jan 18, 2020).

208 Collins SR. How well does insurance coverage protect consumers
from health care costs? Nov 2, 2017. https:/ [www
commonwealthfund.org/sites/default files/documents/media
files. publications. issue. brief 2017. oct collins. underinsured
biennial ib.pdf (accessed Jan 18, 2020).

209 Himmelstein DU, Lavless RM, Thorne D, Foohey P,

Woolhandler S. Medical bankruptey: still common despite the

Affordable Care Act. Am J Public Health 2019; 109: 43133.

Time staff. Here's Donald Trump's presidential announcement

speech. June 16, 2015. https://time.com/3923128/donald-trump-

announcement-speech (accessed Nov 25, 2019).

21 US Congressional Budget Office. HR 1628, the American Health

Care Act, incorporating manager's amendments 4, 5, 24, and 25.

March 23, 2017 https://vrww.cbo.gov publication [52516 (accessed

Sept 21, 2020).

Taylor ]. Just 17 percent of Americans approve of Republican

Senate health care bill. June 28, 2017. https:/ [wwvenpr.

01g/2017/06/28/534612954/just-17-percent.oFamericans-approve-

ofrepublican-senate-health-care-bill (accessed Nov 19, 2019).

213 US Congressional Budget Office. The effects of terminating
payments for cost-sharing reduction. Aug 15, 2017 https:|/wwvicbo.
gov/publication 53009 (accessed Nov 26, 2019).

214 US Executive Office of the President. Minimising the economic
burden of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act pending
repcal. Jan 20, 2017. https:/ wrwrv.federalregister gov/
documents /2017/01/24/2017-01799/minimizing-the-economic-
burden-ofthe-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-actpending-
repcal (accessed Oct 9, 2019).

20:

 

20;

2u

5

21

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

2

216

27

218

219

220

221

22:

22:

224

225

226

27

228

229

230

23
232

23

Hatcher W. President Trump and health care: a content analysis of
misleading statements. J Public Health 2019; published online Dec 31.
https://doi.org/10.1093pubmed/fdz176.

Goldstein A. Trump officials slash advertising, grants to help
Americans get Affordable Care Actinsurance. Áug 31, 2017

https:/ wvrvesrashingtonpost.com/national health-science/trump-
officials-slash-advertising-grants-to-help-americans-getaffordable-care-
actinsurance 2017/08/31 /08345386-808E1107.8400-0200069F2c37. story.
html (accessed Dec 29, 2018).

Jost TS. The past and future of association health plans.

May 14, 2019. https: //www.commonwcalthfund org /blog/2019past-
future-association-health-plans (accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Kaiser Family Foundation. Medicaid waiver tracker: approved and
pending Section 1115 waivers by state. Nov 11, 2019. https: //vrww.
Kff org /medicaidissue-bricf/medicaid-waiver-tracker-approved-
and-pending-section-111S-waivers-by-state/ (accessed

Nov 26, 2019),

Wagner ], Schubel ]. States! experiences confirming harmful effects
of Medicaid work requirements. Oct 22, 2019. https://vrww.cbpp.
org/healthjstates-experiences-confirming-harmful-effects-of-
medicaid-work-requirements (accessed Nov 26, 2019),

Sommers BD, Goldman AL, Blendon RJ, Orav E), Epstein AM.
Medicaid work requirements —results from the first year in
Arkansas. N Engl J Med 2019; 381: 1073-82.

UA Office of Management and Budget. Budget of

the US government: a budget for America's future. February 2020.
https: www: whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/budget.
f;21.pdf (accessed Feb 22, 2020).

Armour S. Plan to revamp Medicaid-eligibility checks draw
criticism. Jan 13, 2020. https:| /wwwexes).com articles /plan-to-
revamp-medicaid-cligibility-checks-draws-criticism-11578848400
(accessed Feb 4, 2020).

Davidson K. Trump administration weighs tighter requirements for
disability payments: older workers would be among those most
affected. Jan 10, 2020 https:/ www. visj.com articles trump-
administration weighs-tighter-requirements-for-disability-payments-
11578686424?tosla=y (accessed Jan 18, 2020).

Diamond D, Roubein L. “Block grants” no more: Trump's Medicaid
overhaul has new name, same goals. Jan 29, 2020. https:/ [www
politico.com/news/2020/01/29 trump-medicaid-overhaul-block-
grants-108882 (accessed Feb 6, 2020).

US Census Bureau. American community survey tables for health
insurance coverage. Aug 19, 2020. https://www.census.gov/data/
tables/time-series [demo health-insurance/acs-hi html (accessed
Sept 15, 2020).

Congressional Budget Office. Federal subs
insurance coverage for people under age 65: 2019 to 2029.

May 2, 2019. https:|/wwvecbo. gov publication [55085 (accessed
Nov 26, 2019).

US Department of Health and Human Services. Reforming
America's healthcare system through choice and competition. 2018.
https:/wvwowhhs.gov/sites/default/files/Roforming-Americas-
Healtheare-System-Through-Choice-and-Competition. pdf (accessed
Dec 31, 2018).

Collins SR, Gunja MZ, Aboulafia GN. US health insurance coverage
in 2020: a looming crisis in affordability. Aug 19, 2020. https: //vrwrw.
commonwealthfund org) publications issue-briefs/2020/aug/
looming-crisis-health-coverage-2020-biennial (accessed Sept 6, 2020).
Gordon S. The VA is privatising veterans' health care while
launching a campaign to deny it. March 11, 2019. https://prospect.
org/health/va-privatizing-veterans-health-care-aunching-campaign-
deny/ (accessed Feb 6, 2020).

Miller M. Medicare advantage plans get unfair push from

US government: critics say. Dec 7, 2018. https://vrwwrcuters.com/
article/us-column-miller-medicare /medicare-advantage-plans-get-
unfair-push-from-u-s-government-critics-idUSKBNIOG21T
(accessed Feb 6, 2020).

Clarke R. A stealth war on the NHS? Lancet 2020; 395: 180-81.

Miller M. Republicans next health reform act targets Medicare.
July 27, 2017. https:| www xcuters.com farticle jus-column-miller-
medicarc/republicans-next-health-reform-act'targets-medicare-
idUSKBNIAC2W7 (accessed Feb 5, 2020).

Oxfam. Drug companies reaped billions from new US tax law.
April 9, 2019, https://www.oxfamamerica.org/press/drug-
companies-reaped-billions-new-us-taxlaw| (accessed Sept 6, 2020).

 

 

 

 

 

 

749
The Lancet Commissions

 

234

235

236

237

238

239

20

ui

22

243

24

us

246

247

28

29

250

251

252

253

254

255

256

Herman B. Big pharma is on a stock buyback spree. March 5, 2020.
https://wwwraxios.com big-pharma-stock-buybacks-research-
123f10F1-79d0-44be-a515-a6603fbefd9a html (accessed Sept 6, 2020).
Piller C. FDA enforcement actions plummet under Trump. Science
2019; 365: 12-13.

Melnick GA, Fonkych K. Hospital prices increase in California,
especially among hospitals in the largest multihospital systems.
Inquiry 2016; 53: 0046958016651555.

Beaulicu ND, Dafny LS, Landon BE, Dalton JE, Kuye 1,
McNWilliams JM. Changes in quality of care after hospital mergers
and acquisitions. N Engl J Med 2020; 382: 51-59.

American Hospital Association. 2019 AHA hospital statistics.
January 2019. https://wwwaha org [system files [2019-01/2019-aha-
hospital-fastfacts. pdf (accessed Feb 9, 2020).

US Renal Data System. 2016 USRDS annual data repoi
cpidemiology of kidney disease in the United States.
Am J Kidney Dis 2017; 69 (suppl): A4.

Hartingion C, Carrillo H, Garfield R, Musumeci MB, Squires E.
Nursing facilities, staffing, residents and facility deficiencies,

2009 through 2016. April, 2018. http:/ files. kf.org/attachmenty
REPORT Nursing-Facilities-Staffing-Residents-and-Facility-
Deficiencies-2009-2016 (accessed Fob 9, 2020).

Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. Report to the Congress:
Medicare payment policy. March, 2019. http://wwwumedpae.gov/
docs/default-source reports /mar19. medpac entirereport sec.pdf
faccessed Feb 9, 2020).

Dickman S, Mirza R, Kandi M, etal. Mortality at forprofit versus
not-for-profit haemodialysis centers: a systematic review and meta-
analysis. Int J Health Serv 2020; published online Dec 15.
https://doi.org/10.1177/0020731420980682.

Comondore VR, Devereaux PJ, Zhou Q, et al. Quality of care in for-
profit and not-forprofit nursing homes: systematic review and
meta-analysis. BMJ 2009; 339: b2732.

Hillmer MP, Wodchis WP, Gill SS, Anderson GM, Rochon PA.
Nursing home profit status and quality of care: is there any
evidence of an association? Med Care Res Rev 2005; 62: 139-66.
Cabin W, Himmelstein DU, Siman ML, Woolhandler S. Forprofit
Medicare home health agencies' costs appear higher and quality
appears lower compared to nonprofit agencies.

Health Aff (Millood) 2014; 33: 1460-65.

Wiachterman MW, Marcantonio ER, Davis RE, McCarthy EP.
Association of hospice agency profit status with patient diagnosis,
location of care, and length of stay. JAMA 2011; 34
Tan S, Seiger K, Renchan P, Mostaghimi A. Trends in private equity
acquisition of dermatology practices in the United States.

JAMA Dermatol 2019; 155: 1013-21.

Cooper Z, Morton FS, Shekita N. Surprise! Outofnetwork billing
for emergency care in the United States. January, 2019.
https://wwvenberorg/papers/w23623 (accessed Feb 6, 2020).

EI M. Private equity's latest scheme: closing urban hospitals and
selling off the real estate. July 11, 2019. https://prospectorg/healthy
private-equity-s-atest-scheme-closing-urban-hospitals-selling-real-
estate (accessed Feb 6, 2020).

Devereaux PJ, Heels-Ansdell D, Lacchetti C, et al. Payments for
care at private for-profit and private not-for-profit hospitals:

a systematic review and meta-analysis. CMA] 2004; 170: 1817-24.
Hiia RY, Kellermann AL, Shen YC. Factors associated with closures.
of emergency departments in the United States. JAMA 2011;

305: 1978-85.

Himmelstein DU, Campbell T, Woolhandler S. Health care
administrative costs in the United States and Canada, 2017.

“Ann Intem Med 2020; 172: 134-42.

Calvani AP, Fitzpatrick MC. Costeffeetiveness of transitional

US plans for universal health care. Lancet 2020; 395: 1692-93.
Caffhey A, Bor DH, Himmelstein DU, Woolhandler 5,

McCormick D. The effect of Veterans Health Administration
coverage on costrelated medication nonadherence.

Health Aff (Milhvood) 2020; 39: 33-40.

Himmelstein G, Himmelstein KE. Inequality set in concrete:
physical resources available or care at hospitals serving people

of colour and other US hospitals. Int J Health Serv 2020; 50: 3
Crowley R, Daniel H, Cooncy TG, Engel LS. Envisioning a better
US health care system for all coverage and cost of care.

Amn Intem Med 2020; 172 (suppl): 87-32.

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

257

258

259

260

261

262

26:

264

265

266

26;

268

269

2”

3

2”

2”

2”

2a

2”
26

2m

Cai C, Runte ], Ostrer 1, etal. Projected costs of single-payer
healtheare financing in the United States: a systematic revicw of
economic analyses. PLoS Med 2020; 17: 1003013.

Galvani AP, Parpia AS, Foster EM, Singer BH, Fitzpatrick MC.
Improving the prognosis of health care in the USA. Lancet 2020;
395: 524033.

US Congressional Budget Office. How CBO analyses the cost of
proposals for single-payer health care systems that are based on
medicare's fee-for-service program. December 2020. https: www.
cbo.gov/system/files/2020-12/56811-Single-Payer pdf (accessed

Jan 21, 2021).

Coleman-Jensen A, Rabbitt MP, Gregory CA, Singh A. Houschold
food security in the United States in 2019. September, 2020.
https://wwvzers.usda gov/publications/pub-details/>pubi
(accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Hales CM, Carroll MD, Fryar CD, Ogden CL. Prevalence of obesity
and severe obesity among adults: United States, 2017-2018.
February 2020. https:| www. cdc.gov/nchs/products/databricfs/
db360.htm (accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Hales CM, Carroll MD, Fryar CD, Ogden CL. Prevalence of obesity
among adults and youth: United States, 2015-2016. October, 2017.
https:/ /wwvecde. gov/nchs/products/databricfs/db288.htm
(accessed Aug 26, 2020).

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Estimates of
foodbome illness: findings. Nov 5, 2018. https://wwwecde.gov/
foodbomeburden/2011-foodborne-estimates. html (accessed

Aug 26, 2020).

International Panel of Experts on Sustainable Food Systems.
COVID-19 and the crisis in food systems: symptoms, causes, and
potential solutions. April, 2020. http:/ /wwwipesfood.org/pages/
covidl9 (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

US Department of Agriculture. ENS responds to COVID-19. 2020.
https: [www fins. usda gov [disaster /pandemic covid-19 (accessed
Aug 26, 2020).

Dewey-Mattia D, Manikonda K, Hall AJ, Wise ME, Crowe S].
Surveillance for foodbome disease outbreaks —United States,
2009-2015. MMWR Surveill Summ 2018; 67: 1-11.

O'Brien D, Aldeen HT, Uchima 5, Staley E. Hunger in America:
the definitions, scope, causes, history and status of the problem of
hunger in the United States. March 31, 2004. https://www.
hungercenter org/publications/hunger-in-america-the-definitions-
scope-causes-history-and-status-ofthe-problem-oFhungerin-the-
united-states/ (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

Carcasson M. Ending welfare as we know it: President Clinton and
the rhetorical transformation of the anti-welfare culture.

Rhetoric Public Aff 2006; 9: 655-92.

US Government. Public law 104-193: Personal Responsibility and
Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996. Aug 22, 1996.

https:/ ww. congress.gov/104/plaws/publi93/PLAW-104publ193, pdf
(accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Mitchell A. Two Clinton aides resign to protest new welfare laws.
Sept 12, 1996. https:/ /wwvenytimes.com/1996/09/12/us/two-
clinton-aides-resign-to-protestnew-welfare-law.html (accessed
Aug 26, 2020).

Food and Nutrition Service, US Department of Agriculture.

SNAP data tables. July 10, 2020. https: wwv:fns.usda gov /pd/
supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program-snap (accessed

Aug 26, 2020).

Trust for America's Health. 2020. The state of obesity 2020: better
policies for a healthier America. https:/ [wwvstfah.org /report-
details/state-ofobesity-2020 (accessed Dec 24, 2020).

Kim DD, Basu A. Estimating the medical care costs of obesity in the
United States: systematic review, meta-analysis, and empirical
analysis. Value Health 2016; 19: 602-13.

US Government. Let's Move! Achievements. 2010. https:/ letsmove.
obamavihitehouse archives. gov/achievements (accessed Aug 26, 2020).
Sinclair U. The jungle. New York, NY: Doubleday, 1906.

US Government Accountability Office. Food safety: a national
strategy is needed to address fragmentation in federal oversight.
January, 2017. https: [wwwegao.gov/assets/690/682095 pdf (accessed
Dec 31, 2020).

US Food & Drug Administation. ESMA rules & guidance for industry
June 4, 2020. https:/ [www fda.gov/Food/GuidanceRegulation/FSMA/
ucm253380.htm (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

 

99281

 

  

 

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

278 Tack DM, Marder EP, Griffin PM, etal. Preliminary incidence and
trends of infections with pathogens transmitted commoniy through
food—Foodbome Discases Active Surveillance Network, 10 US Sites,
2015-2018. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 2019; 68: 369-73.

279 US Govemment Accountability Office. Food safety —high risk
issue. 2019. https://wrwrw.gao.gov/Kkey. issues/food. safetyjissue.
summary (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

280 US Department of Agriculture. USDA to realign ERS with chief
economist, relocate ERS & NIFA outside DC. August 9, 2018.
https: //www-usda. gov /media/press-releases/ 2018/08/09 [usda-
realigr-ers-chiefeconomist-relocate-ers-nifa-outside-de (accessod
Aug 26, 2020).

281 Bedard P. Mulvaney cheers for more federal workers to quit,
“wonderful way' to drain swamp. Aug 3, 2019. https:[/ www.
washingtonexaminer.com/washington-secrets/mulvaney-checrs-
for-more-federal-workers-to-quit«wonderful-way-to-drain-swamp
(accessed Aug 26, 2020).

282 Nestle M. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP):
history, politics, and public health implications. Am J Public Health
2019; 109: 1631-35.

283 Food and Nutrition Service, US Department of Agriculture.
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program participation and
costs, 1969-2019. July 10, 2020. https://fns-prod.azureedge.net/
sites/default/files/resource-files/SNAPsummary-Z pdf (accessed
Aug 25, 2020).

284 Fox L, Mykta L Supplemental poverty measure shows who
benefits from government programs. Sept 12, 2018. https://www.
census.gov/library/stories/2018/09/supplemental-nutrition-
assistance-program-lifts-millions-out-oFpoverty html (accessed
Aug 26, 2020).

285 Keith-Jennings B, Llobrera J, Dean S. Links of the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program with food insecurity, poverty, and
health: evidence and potential. Am J Public Health 2019;

109: 163640.

286 Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress. SNAP to

health: a fresh approach to strengthening the Supplemental

Nutrition Assistance Program. July 2012. https://

healthycatingrescarch.org/rescarchjsnap-to-health-a-fresh-

approach-to-Strengthening-the-supplemental-nutrition-assistance-

program/ (accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Pomeranz JL. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program data:

why disclosure is needed. Am J Public Health 2019; 109: 1659-63.

288 Food and Nutrition Service, US Department of Agriculture.
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program: requirements for able-
bodied adults without dependents. Feb 1, 2019. https:/ www.
federalregister.gov/documents /2019/02/01/2018-28059/
supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program-requirements-forable-
bodied-adults-without-dependents (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

289 Food and Nutrition Service, US Department of Agriculture.
Revision of categorical eligibility in the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP). July 24, 2019. https:/ [www

documents /2019/07/24/2019-15670/revision-of-

lityin-the-supplemental-nutrition-assistance-

program-snap (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

290 US Department of Agriculture. Regulatory ref aglance.
Proposed rule: revision of SNAP categorical eligibility. July, 2019.
htps://fns-prod azurcedge.netjsites (default files/resource-files
BECE-Fact-Sheet. pdf (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

291 US Department of Agriculture. AE62 Revision of categorical
eligibility in SNAP regulatory impact analysis. July 24, 2019.
htps:/ www xegulations.gov/document?D=FNS-2018-0037-0002
(accessed Aug 26, 2020).

292 US Department of Agriculture. USDA farmers to families food box.
2020. https:| /www.ams.usda gov/selling-food-to-usda/farmers-to-
families-food-box (accessed Aug 25, 2020).

293 Clyburn JE. Letter to The Honorable Sonny Perdue, Secretary
US Department of Agriculture. Aug 24, 2020. https://coronavirus.
house.gov/sites /democrats.coronavirus.house.gov/files/2020-08-24.
Clyburns620t0%20Perdue620reS620USDA. pdf (accessed
Aug 25, 2020).

294 Billings KC, Aussenberg RA. School meals programs and other
USDÁ child nutrition programs: a Primer. Feb 11, 2019. https:/ www.
everycrsreport.com/files/20190211. R43783 2433a0ba4bdaa04076738d
4defbdOb39167709b0. pdf (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

 

28;

  

  

 

  

 

 

 

 

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

295 Johnson DB, Podrabsky M, Rocha A, Otten ]]. Effect of the Healthy
Hunger-Free Kids Act on the nutritional quality of meals selected by
students and school lunch participation rates. JAMA Pediatr 2016;
170: eIS3918.

296 Schwartz MB, Henderson KE, Read M, Danna N, Ickovics JR.

New school meal regulations increase fruit consumption and do not
increase total plate waste. Child Obes 2015; 11: 242-47

297 Food and Nutrition Service, US Department of Agriculture.
Responding to the nceds of local schools, USDA publishes school
meals final rule. Dec 6, 2018. https://wwvfiis.usda.gov/
pressreleasc/2018/026318 (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

298 Food and Nutrition Service, US Department of Agriculture.

USDA announces school and summer meals reforms. Jan 17, 2020.
https:/ fovwow.fns.usda.govjpressrelease /usda-012920 (accessed
Aug 26, 2020).

299 Popovich N, Albeck-Ripka L, Pierre-Louis K. The Trump
administration is reversing 100 environmental rules: here's the full
list, 2019. https:/ /wwvenytimes.comy interactive 2020 /climate/
trump-environment-rollbacks.html (accessed July 15, 2020).

300 Tandrigan PJ, Lemen RA. A most reckdess proposal—a plan to
continue asbestos use in the United States. N Engl J Med 2019;

381: 598-600.

301 Dillon L, Sellers C, Underhill V, et al. The Environmental Protection
Agency in the early Trump administration: prelude to regulatory
capture. Am J Public Health 2018; 108: S89-94.

302 Kormann C. Scott Pruitts crusade against “secret science” could
bedisastrous for public health. April 26, 2018. https://www.
newyorker.com science jelements/scottpruitts-crusade-against-
secret-science-could-be-disastrous-for-public-health (accessed
Feb 4, 2020).

303 Friedman L. Coronavirus doesn't slow Trump's regulatory rollbacks.
March 25, 2020. https: //vww.nytimes.com/2020 [03/25 [climate
coronavirus-environmental-regulations-trump.html (accessed
Aug 26, 2020).

304 US Environmental Protection Agency. Draft scope documents for
high-priority chemicals undergoing risk evaluation.

December, 2019. https://www.opa.gov/assessing-and-managing-
chemicals-under-tsca/draft-scope-documents-high-priority-
chemicals-undergoing (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

305 Landrigan PJ, Fuller R, Acosta NJR, etal. The Lancet Commission
on pollution and health. Lancet 2018; 391: 462-512.

306 Institute for Health Metries and Evaluation. GBD results tool. 2019.

http://ghdx healthdata.org/gbd-results-tool (accessed

Sept 17, 2020).

GBD 2019 Risk Factors Collaborators. Global burden of 87 risk

factors in 204 countries and territories, 1990-2019: a systematic

analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2019. Lancet 2020;

396: 122349.

308 Health Effects Institute. State of global air 2018: a special report on
global exposure to air pollution and its disease burden. 2018.
https:/ www: stateofelobalair org sites /default files /soga-2018-
report. pdf (accessed Feb 4, 2020).

309 Occupational Safety and Health Administration, US Department
of Labor. Workplace injury, illness and fatality statistics. 2018.
https:/[www.osha.gov/oshstats /work.html (accessed Feb 4, 2020).

310 Berkowitz D. Many say OSHA not protecting workers during
COVID-19 pandemic. July 4, 2020. https: //vrwwnpr.
org/2020/07 [04/887239204/many-say-osha-not-protecting-workers-
during-covid-19-pandemic (accessed Aug 26, 2020).

311 The Guardian. Lost on the frontline. 2020. https:/ www.

theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2020/aug/11/lost-on-the-

frontline-covid-19-coronavirus-us-healthcare-workers-deaths-

database (accessed Dec 26, 2020)

Douglas L. Mapping COVID-19 outbreaks in the food

system. Sept 18, 2020. https:/ /thefern.org/2020/04/mapping-

covid-19-in-meat-and-food-processing-plants/ (accessed

Sept 19, 2020).

313 Cutler D, Dominici F. A breath ofbad air: cost of the Trumy
environmental agenda may lead to 80000 extra deaths per decade.
JAMA 2018; 319: 2261-62.

314 Smith D. The anti-Obama: Trump's drive to destroy his predecessor's
legacy. May 11, 2018. https: //wwwtheguardian.com/us-newes/2018/
may/11/donald-trump-barack-obama-legacy (accessed Jan 21, 2021).

30;

 

31

 

  

751
The Lancet Commissions

 

3

su

&

37

318

3

s

3x

5

321

322

323

324

325

326

327

328

329

330

31

332

33

Larsen K, Larsen ], Herndon W, Mohan S, Houser T. Taking

stock 2017: adjusting expectations for US greenhouse gas
emissions. May 24, 2017. https: //thg.com research jtalâng-stock-
2017-us-greenhousc-gas-emissions / (accessed Feb 4, 2020).

National Centers for Environmental Information, National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration. Billion-dollar weather and
climate disasters: overview. 2019. https://wwwncde.noaa.gov/
billions/overview (accessed Feb 4, 2020).

Zhang H-B, Dai H-C, Lai HX, Wang W:T US withdrawal from the
Paris Agreement: reasons, impacts, and China's response.

“Ady Clim Chang Res 2017; 8: 220-25.

US Climate Alliance. US Climate Alliance states within reach of
their commitment to the Paris Agreement. Dec 9, 2019. http://vrww.
usclimatealliance.org/publications [2019/12 /9/us-climate-alliance-
states-within-reach-oF-their-commitment-to-the-paris-agreement
(accessed Dec 24, 2020).

Pollitt K. Abortion in American history. May 1997 ht
theatlantic.com magazine /archive 1997/05 /abortion-
history/376851/ (accessed Jan 11, 2020).

Peterson AM. From commonplace to controversial: the different
histories of abortion in Europe and the US. Oct 15, 2020.
https://wrerwwys0.0rg/news/2012-10-15/from-commonplace-to-
controversial-the-different-histories-ofabortion-in-curope-andthe-us.
(accessed Jan 11, 2020).

Guttmacher Institute. State funding for abortion under Medicaid.
Sept 1, 2020. https:|/www.guttmacher.org/state-policy/explore/
state funding-abortion-under-medicaid (accessed Sept 4, 2020).
Tackett M. Trump fulfills his promises on abortion, and to evangelicals.
May 16, 2019. https: //wwwenytimes.com 2019/05/16 [us politics)
trump-abortion-crangelicals-2020.html (accesscd Jan 13, 2020).
Guttmacher Institute. State policies on abortion. 2020. https: //vrwrw.
guttmacher.org/united-states/abortion state-policies-abortion
(accessed Aug 24, 2020).

US Department of Health and Human Services. HS announces
final conscience rule protecting health care entities and individuals.
May 2, 2019. https://wwrvchhs.gov/about /news/2019/05/02/hhs-
announces-final-conscience-rule-protecting-health-care-entities-and-
individuals.html (accessed Jan 27, 2020).

Center for American Progress. Statement: Trump administration
finalises rule that restricts abortion coverage in ACA marketplaces,
strikâng a blow: to patients access to abortion services. Dec 20, 2019.
https:/ /wwviamericanprogress.org/press /statement/2019/12/
20/479021statement-trump-administration-finalizes-rule-restricts-
abortion-coverage-aca-marketplaces-striking-blow-patients-access-
abortion-services/ (accessed Jan 13, 2020),

Jarlenstá M, Hutcheon JA, Bodnar LM, Simhan HN. State Medicaid
coverage of medically necessary abortions and severe maternal
morbidity and maternal mortality. Obstet Gynecol 2017; 129: 786-94.
White K, Baum SE, Hopkins K, Potter JE, Grossman D. Changein
secondtrimester abortion after implementation of a restrictive state
law. Obstet Gpnecol 2019; 133: 771-79.

Goyal V, Brooks IHM, Powers DA. Differences in abortion rates by
race-cthnicity after implementation of a restrictive Texas law.
Contraception 2020; 102: 109-14.

Gerdts C, Fuentes L, Grossman D, etal. Impact of clinic closures
on women obtaining abortion services after implementation ofa
restrictive law in Texas. Am J Public Health 2016; 106: 857-64.

Biggs MA, Upadhyay UD, McCulloch CE, Foster DG. Women's
mental health and well-being S years after receiving or being denied
an abortion. A prospective, longitudinal cohort study.

JAMA Psychiatry 2017; 74: 169-78.

Foster DG, Biggs MA, Ralph L, Gerdts C, Roberts 5, Glymour MM.
Socioeconomic outcomes of women who receive and women who
are denied wanted abortions in the United States.

Am J Public Health 2018; 108: 407-13.

Jones RK, Donovan NK. Selfmanaged abortion may be on the rise,
but probably not a significant driver of the overall decline in
abortion. Nov 7, 2019. https:/ www healthaffairs.org/do/10.1377/
hblog20191105.113811/full/ (accessed Jan 12, 2020).

Sobel L, Ramaswamy A, Frederiksen B, Salganicoff A. State action
tolimitabortion access during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Aug 10, 2020. https: //wrwrw.-kfForg/coronavirus-covid-19 /issue-brief
state-action-to-limitabortion-access-during-the-covid-19-pandemic/
(accessed Sept 4, 2020).

 

 

   

  

  

334

335

336

337

338

339

341

34

34

344

34

346

347

38

349

350

357

352

353

354

Gostin LO, Sircar NR, Friedman EA. How the US elevates corporate
interests over global public health. And how the world can respond.
Sept5, 2018. https:/ www. healthaffairs org/do/10.1377/
hblog20180830.186562/ful| (accessed Feb 16, 2020).

McNeil Jnr DG. Gilead will donate Truvada to the US to prevent
HIV. May 9, 2019. https:/ [wwvenytimes.comy 2019/05 09/healthy
gilead-truvada-hiv-aids. html (accessed Sept 12, 2020).

Taibbi M. Big Pharma's COVID-19 profiteers: how the race to
develop treatments and a vaccine will create a historic windfall for
the industry—and everyone else will pay the price. Aug 13, 2020.
https:/wwve ollingstone.comy politics/politics-features/big-
pharma-covid-19-profits-1041185/ (accessed Sept 9, 2020).

Ismay], Gibbons-Neff T. 160 nations ban these weapons:

the US now embraces them. Feb 8, 2020. https://wwvenytimes.
com/ 2020/02/07 jus trump-land-mines-cluster-munitions.html
(accessed Dec 31, 2020).

Eshag AM, Fothan AM, Jensen EC, Khan TA, Alâmodi AA.
Malnutrition in Yemen: an invisible crisis. Lancet 2017; 389: 31-32.
Fedorspiel F, Ali M. The cholera outbreak in Yemen: lessons
learned and way forward. BMC Public Health 2018; 18: 1338.
Weisbrot M, Sachs ]. Economic sanctions as collective punishment
the case of Venezuela. April 25, 2019. https://ceprnet/report
economic-sanctions-as-collective-punishment-the-case-of-
venezucla/ (accessed Sept 9, 2020).

Steele ]. There is a cost to Trump. We are seeing it now in Gaza.
May 15, 2018. https: //wrwvwetheguardian.com [commentisfree/2018/
may/1S/donald-trump-gaza-palestinians-israel (accessed May 11, 2019).
Seita A, Goldsmith A, Hababeh M, Shahin Y. Amid US funding
cuts, UNRWA appcals for health and dignity of Palestinian
refugees. Lancet 2018; 391: 294-95.

Sherwood], Sharp A, Honermann B, et al. Mapping the impact of
the expanded Mesico City Policy for HIV/ family planning service
integration in PEPFAR:s supponed countries: a risk index.

BMC Public Health 2018; 18: 1116.

Starts AM. The Trump global gag rule: an attack on US family
planning and global health aid. Lancet 2017; 389: 485-86.

Jones KM. Contraceptive supply and fertility outcomes: evidence
from Ghana. Econ Dev Cult Change 2015; 64: 31-69.

Bendavid E, Avila P, Miller G. United States aid policy and induced
abortion in sub-Saharan Africa. Bull World Health Organ 2011;

89: 873-80C.

Schaaf'M, Maistrellis E, Thomas H, Cooper B. Protecting Life in
Global Health Assistance? Towards a frameworls for assessing the
health systems impact of the expanded global gag rule.

BMJ Glob Health 2019; 4: 001786.

Wintour P, Burke ], Livsey A. “There's no other word but racist”:
Trump's global rebulke for “shithole” remar. Jan 13, 2018.
iwwv:theguardian.comyus-nows/2018/jan/12/unknd-divisive-
international. outery-over-trumps-shithole-countries-remark
(accessed May 3, 2019).

Wagner ] Trump: Immigration is “changing the culture” of Europe
and its leaders “better watch themselves”. July 13, 2018. htps://www.
washingtonpostcom/ politics trump-immigration-is-changing-the-
culture-ofeuropeand-its-leaders-bettorwatch-themselves/2018/07/13/
afbSd9a6-868b-11e8-8f6c-46cb4303F306. story html (accessed

May 3, 2019).

Garrett L. Trump is in a coma on public health. May 21, 2018.
https://foreignpolicy.com/2018/05/21/trump-is-in-a-coma-on-
public-health/ (accessed May 3, 2019).

Kaiser Family Foundation. White House releases FY21 budget
request. Feb 11, 2020. https://www:kff org /noves-summary white-
house-releases-fy21-budget-request/ (accessed Feb 16, 2020).
Gramer R, Lynch C. Trump scoks to halve US funding for

World Health Organization as coronavirus rages. Feb 10, 2020.
https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/02/10/trump-world-health-
organization-funding-coronavirus-state-department-usaid-budget-
cuts/ (accessed Feb 17, 2020).

King A, Andrus JK, Figueroa JP. Financial crisis at PAHO in the
time of COVID-19: a call for action. Lancet 2020; 396: 96.

Taylor M, Watts ]. Bartlett ]. Climate crisis: 6 million people join
latest wave of global protests. Sept 27, 2019. https:|/www.
theguardian.com/environmenty2019 /scp/27/climate-crisis-6-
million-pcople-join-atestwave-ofworldwide-protests (accessed
Sept7, 2020).

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

wwwthelancetcom Vol397 February 20, 2021
The Lancet Commissions

 

355 Hamel L, Keamey A, Kirzinger A, Lopes L, Mufiana C, Brodie M.
KFF health tracking poll—June 2020. June 26, 2020. https://www.
Korg /racialequity-and-health-policy/report/kEhealth-tracking-
polljune-2020/ (accessed Sept 18, 2020).

356 Nohria N, Khurana R. Leading change: leadership, organisation,
and social movements. In: Nohria N, Khurana R, cds. Handbook of
leadership theory and practice: a Harvard Business School
centennial colloquium. Cambridge, MA: Harvard Business Press,
2010.

357 Lakoff G. Why it matters how we frame the environment.

Environ Comimun 2010; 4: 70-81.

358 Reagan LJ. When abortion was a crime: women, medicine, and law
in the United States. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1998.

359 Ault A. Clinicians join throngs in March for Our Lives.

March 26, 2018. http://www medscape.com viewarticle/894432
(accessed Oct 16, 2019).

360 Butkus R, Doherty R, Daniel H, ct al. Reducing firearm-related
injuries and deaths in the United States: executive summary of a
policy position paper from the American College of Physicians.
“Ann Inte Med 2014; 160: 858-60.

361 (QNRA. Nov7, 2018. https://twitter.com nra [status 10602565679149
09702?lange=en (accessed Jan 25, 2021).

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 February 20, 2021

362 QThislsOurLane. Medical Professionals who care for
GunyViolence Victims. November 2018. https://twitter com
ThislsOurLane (accessed Jan 25, 2021).

363 Charles D, Himmelstein K, Keenan W, Barcelo N. White coats for
black lives: medical students responding to racism and police
brutality. / Urban Health 2015; 92: 1007-10.

364 Dittmer ]. The good doctors: the Medical Committee for Human
Rights and the struggle for social justice in health care. London:
Bloomsbury, 2009.

365 Ross LJ, Brownlee SL, Dixon Diallo D, Rodriguez L The Sistersong
Collective: women of colour, reproductive health and human rights.
Am J Health Studies 2001; 7: 79-87.

366 Basset MT. Beyond berets: the Black Panthers as health activists.
Am J Public Health 2016; 106: 1741-43.

367 Khomani N. &MeToo: how a hashtag became a rallying cry against
sexual harassment. Oct 20, 2017. https:/ /www: theguardian.com/
world [2017 /oct/20 jwomen-worldwide-usc-hashtag-metoo-against-
sexual-harassment (accessed Jan 25, 2021).

368 Piven FF, Cloward R. Poor people's movements: vihy they succecd,
how they fail. New York, NY: Random House, 1977.

 

  

(O 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

753
Perspectives

 

Profile

Pedro Hallal: putting physical activity at the heart of better health

The city of Pelotas in southern Brazil could be doing better
in providing opportunities for its inhabitants to take part
in physical activity, according to Pedro Hallal, Associate
Professor in Public Health at the Federal University of
Pelotas, and the leading figure behind The Lancet's second
Series on physical activity and health. “The city has made
some improvements over the past few years, but like many
urban settings around the world, promotion of physical
activity is skewed to a minority of people who can afford
it. We are continving to fail in providing opportunities of
physical activity and better health to those who need it the
most, in the poorest parts of our cities”, he says.

Hallal has always felt connected to health, influenced by
his physician father and his mother, a social worker. As a
young boy, he recalls spending most of his early life playing
sport, notably futsal (a Latin American version of five-a-
side football), and temis. An undergraduate degree in
physical education at the Federal University of Pelotas led
to a masters in epidemiology, where he met Cesar Victora,
a huge influence in shaping Hallals career over the past
15 years. “Getting to know Cesar has been a major aspect
of my life”, Hallal says. “Rather like Isaac Newton's famous
quote about standing on the shoulders of giants, it was
Cesar who made me realise how, through research, we can
change people's lives”, he says.

Another key influence in Hallals career has been
Jonathan Wells from London's Institute of Child Health,
whom Hallal met while studying for his masters in Pelotas.
In late 2009, Hallal moved to London to work on his
postdoctoral thesis alongside Wells, primarily on research
to investigate the effect of birth order and bodyweight
on later development. Hallal has happy memories of this
time: “| felt so free during my time in the UK. With no
teaching commitments, | had time to think, where | was
able to conceptualise the 2012 Lancet physical activity
Series”, he says. In 2011, Hallal won a Wellcome Trust
Young Investigator Award. “This award bought me more
freedom”, he explains. “It has resulted in the two long-term
projects that | spend most of my time on today: the 2015
Pelotas birth cohort study, and my advocacy/policy work
onthe Global Observatory for Physical Activity”, he says.

The overall aim of the Pelotas cohort is to investigate
the long-term effects of early life exposures on health
throughout the lifespan: describing levels of physical
activity of children, fathers, and mothers at all stages of life,
exploring the correlates of physical activity and addressing
the long-term health effects of physical inactivity. Hallal
helped establish the Global Observatory for Physical
Activity in 2012, at the launch of the first Lancet Series
on physical activity. This global advocacy forum serves

 

wraw.thelancet.com Pul

to influence countrywide public health policy towards
increased physical activity as a route to reducing non-
communicable diseases. How does he rate the progress
of the observatory 4 years after its inception? “l am pretty
happy with it. We were able to prepare country cards for
150 countries in the first phase of our advocacy work. We
now have representatives from all regions of the world
advocating for physical activity promotion in their own
countries and regions. We aim to include all countries
around the world in the second phase of our advocacy, to
launchin 2018", Hallal says.

Cesar Victora, Emeritus Professor of Epidemiology at
the Federal University of Pelotas, comments: “Pedro
came to me in his early 20s, when he was looking for
a supervisor for an MSc in epidemiology. He rapidly
evolved to become a scientist/advocate who combines
methodological rigour, dedication to public health,
and an incredible ability to convene and motivate large
groups of colleagues and students around a common
cause. Coming out of a small university in a remote area
of Brazil, in less than 10 years he emerged as a global
leader in the physical activity movement. Control actions
directed against the massive epidemic of obesity in Latin
America and in other middle-income regions will greatly
benefit from the work Pedro and colleagues are currently
publishing in The Lancet.”

Hallal is only too aware of the difficulties ahead in
realising the full potential of his field through the advocacy
work of the observatory. "We have some tough challenges
ahead”, Hallal says. “When governments talk about
health, their priority is nearly always on financing disease
treatment and in health systems infrastructure, which
are, of course, essential. But we need to fund health, not
just disease treatment if we are going to reap the true
potential of physical activity as a key part of future health
promotion!, he says. And what about Hallal's personal
commitment to physical activity? “I need to do more”, he
confesses. “But my attitude to physical activity mirrors the
approach we need to take at a population level. Force me
to goto a gymand Iwon't be interested. If physical activity
is treated like a pill, trying to enforce 30 minutes exercise
a day, it will not work. We have to try and create societies
where physical activity becomes part of everyday life. Team
sport needs to be prioritised, which should not be about
winning at all costs, but rather about active participation,
and enjoyment. If we cannot enjoy physical activity, we will
not succeed in using it as a key component of promoting
better health worldwide.”

Richard Lane

jed online July 27, 2016 http://dx.doi org/10.1016/50140-6736(16)31148-5.

w

 

Published Online
July27,2016

httpyfdx doi org/101016/
50140-6736(16)31148-5

See Online/Articles.

httpyfdx doi org/10.1016/
50140-6736(16)30370-1, and
httpyfdx doi org/101016/
50140-6736(16)30383X

See Online/Series

httpyfdx doi org/10.1016/
50140-6736(16)30581-5, and
httpyfdx doi org/10:1016/
50140-6736(16)30728.0

For 2012 Lancet Series
onphysical activity see
httpsfoventhelancet.cormy
seresfphysical-activity

 

Photo chars Cuaera
Section of Occuparionai Medicine 495

 

The Environment and Disease:
Association or Causation?

by Sir Austin Bradford Hill cBE Dsc rRcP(hon) ERS
(Professor Emeritus of Medical Statistics,
University of London)

Amongst the objects of this newly-founded Section
of Occupational Medicine are firstly “to provide a
means, not readily afforded elsewhere, whereby
physicians and surgeons with a special knowledge
of the relationship between sickness and injury
and conditions of work may discuss their prob-
tems, not only with cach other, but also with
colleagues in other fields, by holding joint meet-
ings with other Sections of the Society"; and,
secondly, “to make available information about
the physical, chemical and psychological hazards
Of occupation, and in particular about those that
are rare or not easily recognized".

At this first meeting of the Section and before,
with however laudable intentions, we set about
instructing our colleagues in other fields, it will
be proper to consider a problem fundamental to
our own. How in the first place do we detect
these relationships between sickness, injury and
conditions of work? How do we determine what
are physical, chemical and psychological hazards
of occupation, and in particular those that are
rare and not easily recognized ?

There are, of course, instances in which we
can reasonably answer these questions from the
general body of medical knowledge. A particular,
and perhaps extreme, physical environment can-
not fail to be harmful; a particular chemical is
known to be toxic to man and therefore suspect
on the factory floor. Sometimes, alternatively,
we may be able to consider what might a par-
ticular environment do to man, and then see
whether such consequences are indeed to be
found. But more often than not we have no such
guidance, no such means of proceeding; more
often than not we are dependent upon our
observation and enumeration of defined events
for which we then seek antecedents. In other
words we see that the event B is associated with
the environmental feature A, that, to take a
specific example, some form of respiratory illness
is associated with a dust in the environment. In
what circumstances can we pass from this

Meeting January 14 1965

President's Address

observed association to a verdict of causation?
Upon what basis should we proceed to do so?

1 have no wish, nor the skill, to embark upon a
philosophical discussion of the meaning of
'causation”. The 'cause” of illness may be imme-
diate and direct, it may be remote and indirect
underlying the observed association. But with
the aims of occupational, and aknost synony-
mousiy preventive, medicine in mind the decisive
question is whether the frequency of the un-
desirable event B will be influenced by a change
in the environmental feature A. How such à
change exerts that influence may call for a great
deal of research. However, before deducing
“causation' and taking action we shall not
invariably have to sit around awaiting the
results of that research. The whole chain may
have to be unravelled or a few links may suffice.
Kt will depend upon circumstances.

Disregarding then any such problem in
semantics we have this situation. Our observa:
tions reveal an association between two variables,
perfectly clear-cut and beyond what we would
care to attribute to the play of chance. What
aspecis of that association should we especially
consider before deciding that the most likely
interpretation of it is causation ?

(1) Strength. First upon my list I would put the
strength of the association. To take à very old
example, by comparing the occupations of
patients with scrotal cancer with the occupations
of patients presenting with other diseases,
Percival Pott could reach a correct conclusion
because of the enormous increase of scrotal
cancer in the chimney sweeps. “Even as late as the
second decade of the twentieth century”, writes
Richard Doll (1964), “the mortality of chimney
sweeps from scrotal cancer was some 200 times
that of workers who were not specially exposed
to tar or mineral oils and in the eighteenth
century the relative difference is likely to have
been much greater.”

To take a more modern and more general
example upon which I have now reflected for
over fifteen years, prospective inquiries into
smoking have shown that the death rate from
cancer of the lung in cigarette smokers is nine to
ten times the rate in non-smokers and the rate in
heavy cigarette smokers is twenty to thirty times
296 Proceedings ofthe Royal Society of Medicine

as great. On the other hand the death rate from
coronary thrombosis in smokers is no more than
twice, possibly less, the death rate in non-
smokers. Though there is good evidence to
support causation it is surely much easier in this
case to think of some features of life that may go
hand-in-hand with smoking — features that might
conceivably be the real underlying cause or, at
the least, an important contributor, whether it be
lack of exercise, nature of diet or other factors.
But to explain the pronounced excess in cancer of
the lung in any other environmental terms
requires some feature of life so intimately linked
with cigareite smoking and with the amount of
smoking that such a feature should be easily
detectable. If we cannot detect it or reasonably
infer a specific one, then in such circumstances L
think we are reasonably entitled to reject the
vague contention of the armchair critic 'you can't
prove it, there may be such a feature”.

Certainly in this situation I would reject the
argument sometimes advanced that what matters
is the absolute difference between the death rates
of our various groups and not the ratio of one to
other. That depends upon what we want to know.
If we want to know how many extra deaths from
cancer of the lung will take place through smok-
ing (i.e. presuming causation), then obviously we
must use the absolute differences between the
death rates — 0:07 per 1,000 per year in non-
smoking doctors, 0:57 in those smoking 1-14
cigarettes daily, 1:39 for 15-24 cigarettes daily
and 2:27 for 25 or more daily. But it does not
follow here, or in more specifically occupational
problems, that this best measure of the effect upon
mortality is also the best measure in relation to
etiology. In this respect the ratios of 8, 20 and 32
to 1 are far more informative. It does not, of
course, follow that the differences revealed by
ratios are of any practical importance. Maybe
they are, maybe they are not; but that is another
point altogether.

We may recall John Snow's classic analysis of
the opening weeks of the cholera epidemic of 1854
(Snow 1855). The death rate that he recorded in
the customers supplied with the grossly polluted
water of the Southwark and Vauxhall Company
was in truth quite low — 71 deaths in each 10,000
houses. What stands out vividly is the fact that
the small rate is 14 times the figure of 5 deaths per
10,000 houses supplied with the sewage-iree
water of the rival Lambeth Company.

In thus putting emphasis upon the strength of
an association we must, nevertheless, look at the
obverse of the coin. We must not be too ready to
dismiss a cause-and-effect hypothesis merely on

8

the grounds that the observed association
appears to be slight. There are many occasions in
medicine when this is in truth so. Relatively few
persons harbouring the meningococens fall sick
of meningococcal meningitis. Relatively few
persons occupationally exposed to rat's urine
contract Weil's disease.

(2) Comsistency: Next on my list of features to be
specially considered I would place the consisteney
of the observed association. Has it been repeatedly
observed by different persons, in different places,
circumstances and times?

This requirement may be of special importance
for those rare hazards singled out in the Section's
terms of reference. With many alert minds at
work in industry today many an environmental
association may be thrown up. Some of them on
the customary tests of statistical significance will
appear to be unlikely to be dus to chance, Never-
theless whether chance is the explanation or
whether a true hazard has been revealed may
sometimes be answered only by a repetition of
the circumstances and the observations.

Returning to my more general example, the
Advisory Committee to the Surgeon-General of
the United States Public Health Service found
the association of smoking with cancer of the
lung in 29 retrospective and 7 prospective
inquiries (US Department of Health, Education
& Welfare 1964). The lesson here is that broadly
the same answer has been reached in quite a wide
variety of situations and techniques. In other
words we can justifiably infer that the association
is not due to some constant error or fallacy that
permeates every inquiry. And we have indecd to
be on our guard against that.

Take, for instance, an example given by Heady
(1958). Patients admitted to hospital for opera-
tion for peptic ulcer are questioned about recent
domestic anxieties or crises that may have pre-
cipitated the acute illness. As controls, patients
admitted for operation for a simple hernia are
similarly quizzed. But, as Heady points out, the
two groups may not be in pari materia. If your
wife ran off with the lodger last week you still
have to take your perforated ulcer to hospital
without delay. But with a hernia you might
prefer to stay at home for a while — to mourn (or
celebrate) the event. No number of exact repeti-
tions would remove or necessarily reveal that
fallacy.

We have, therefore, the somewhat paradoxical
position that the different results of a different
inquiry certainly cannot be held to refute the
9

original evidence; yet the same results from pre-
cisely the same form of inquiry will not invariably
greatly strengthen the original evidence. 1 would
myself put a good deal of weight upon similar
cesults reached in quite different ways, e.g. pros-
pectively and retrospectively.

Once again looking at the obverse of the coin
there will be occasions when repetition is absent
or impossible and yet we should not hesitate to
draw conclusions. The experience of the nickel
refiners of South Wales is an outstanding
example. I quote from the Alfred Watson
Memorial Lecture that I gave in 1962 to the
Institute of Actuaries:

“The population at risk, workers and pensioners,
numbered about one thousand. During the ten years
1929 to 1938, sixtoen of them had died from cancer of
the lung, eleven of them had died from cancer of the
nasal sinuses. At the age specific death rates of
England and Wales at that time, one might have
anticipated one death from cancer of the lung (to
compare with the 16), and a fraction of a death from
cancer of the nose (to compare with the 11). In all
other bodily sites. cancer had appeared on the death
certificate 11 times and one would have expected it to
do so 10-11 times. There had been 67 deaths from all
other causes of mortality and over the ten years
period 72 would have been expected at the national
death rates. Finally division of the population at risk
in relation to their jobs showed that the excess of
cançer of the lung and nose had fallen wholly upon
the workers employed in the chemical processes.

“More recently my colleague, Dr Richard Doll, has
brought this story a stage further. In the nine years
1948 to 1956 there had been, he found, 48 deaths from
cancer of the lung and 13 deaths from cancer of the
nose. He assessed the numbers expected at normal
rates of mortality as, respectively 10 and 0-1.

“In 1923, long before any special hazard bad been
recognized, certain changes in the refinery took
place. No case of cancer of the nose has been observed
in any man who first entered the works after that
year, and in these men there has been no excess of
cancer of the lung. In other words, the excess in both
sites is uniquely a feature in men who entered the
refinery in, roughiy, the first 23 years of the present
century.

“No causal agent of these neoplasms has been
identified. Until recently no animal experimentation
had given any clue or any support to this wholly
statistical evidence. Yet I wonder if any of us would
hesitate to accept it as proof of a grave industrial
hazard ? (Hill 1962).

In relation to my present discussion I know of
no parallel investigation. We have (or certainly
had) to make up our minds on a unique event;
and there is no difficulty in doing so.

Section of Occupational Medicme 297

(3) Specificity: One reason, neediess to say, is the
specificity of the association, the third character-
istic which invariably we must consider. If, as
here, the association is limited to specific workers
and to particular sites and types of disease and
there is no association between the work and
other modes of dying, then clearly that is a strong
argument in favour of causation.

We must not, however, over-emphasize the
importance of the characteristic. Even in my
present example there is a cause and effect rela-
tionship with two different sites of cancer — the
lung and the nose. Milk as a carrier of infection
and, in that sense, the cause of disease can pro-
duce such a disparate galaxy as scarlet fever,
diphtheria, tuberculosis, undulant fever, sore
throat, dysentery and typhoid fever. Before the
discovery of the underiying factor, the bacterial
origin of disease, harm would have been done by
pushing too firmly the need for specificity as a
necessary feature before convicting the dairy.

Coming to modern times the prospective
investigations of smoking and cancer of the lung
have been criticized for not showing specificity —
in other words the death rate of smokers is
higher than the death rate of non-smokers from
many causes of death (though in fact the results
of Doll & Hill, 1964, do not show that). But here
surely one must return to my first characteristic,
the strength of the association. If other causes of
death are raised 10, 20 or even 50% in smokers
whereas cancer of the lung is raised 900-1,000%,
we have specificity — a specificity in the magnitude
of the association.

We must also keep in mind that diseases may
have more than one cause. It has always been
possible to acquire a cancer of the scrotum
without sweeping chimneys or taking to mule-
spinning in Lancashire. One-to-one relationships
are not frequent. Indeed 1 believe that multi-
causation is generally more likely than single
causation though possibly if we knew all the
answers we might get back to a single factor.

In short, if specificity exists we may be able to
draw conclusions without hesitation; if it is not
apparent, we are not thereby necessarily left
sitting irresolutely on the fence.

(4) Temporality: My fourth characteristic is the
temporal relationship of the association —-which
is the cart and which the horse? This is a question
which might be particularly relevant with diseases
of slow development. Does a particular diet lead
to disease or do the early stages of the disease
lead to those peculiar dietetic habits? Does a
.
298 Proceedings of the Royal Society of Medicine

particular occupation or occupational environ-
ment promote infection by the tubercle bacillus
or are the men and women who select that kind
of work more liable to contract tuberculosis
whatever the environment — or, indeed, have they
already contracted it? This temporal problem
may not arise often but it certainly needs to be
remembered, particularly with selective factors
at work in industry.

(5) Biological gradient: Fifthly, if the association
is one which can reveal a biological gradient, or
dose-response curve, then we should look most
carefully for such evidence. For instance, the
fact that the death rate from cancer of the lung
rises linearly with the number of cigarettes
smoked daily, adds a very great deal to the
simpler evidence that cigarette smokers have a
higher death rate than non-smokers. That com-
parison would be weakened, though not neces-
sarily destroyed, if it depended upon, say, a much
heavier death rate in light smokers and a lower
rate in heavier smokers. We should then need to
envisage some much more complex relationship
to satisfy the cause-and-effect hypothesis. The
clear dose-response curve admits of a simple
explanation and obviously puts the case in a
clearer light.

The same would clearly be true of an alleged
dusthazard in industry. The dustier the environ-
ment the greater the incidence of disease we
would expect to see. Often the difficulty is to
secure some satisfactory quantitative measure of
the environment which will permit us to explore
this dose-response. But we should invariably
seek it.

(6) Plausibility: It will be helpful if the causation
we suspect is biologically plausible. But this is a
feature [ am convinced we cannot demand. What
is biologically plausible depends upon the bio-
logical knowledge of the day.

To quote again from my Alfred Watson
Memorial Lecture (Hill 1962), there was

+... no biological knowledge to support (or to refute)
Pott's observation in the 18th century of the excess of
cancer in chimney sweeps. Il was lack of biological
knowledge in the 19th that led a prize essayist writing
on the value and the fallacy of statistics to conclude,
amongst other “absurd” associations, that “it could
be no more ridiculous for the stranger who passed the
night in the steerage of an emigrant ship to ascribe
the typhas, which he there contracted, to the vermin
with which bodies of the sick might be infected”. And
coming to nearer times, in the 20th century there was
no biological knowledge to support the evidence
against rubella.”

10

In short, the association we observe may be
one new to sciençe or medicine and we must not
dismiss it too light-heartedly as just too odd. As
Sherlock Holmes advised Dr Watson, *when you
have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains,
however improbable, must be the truth.”

(7) Coherence: On the other hand the cause-and-
effect interpretation of our data should not
seriously conflict with the generally known facts
of the natural history and biology of the disease
- in the expression of the Advisory Committee
to the Surgeon-General it should have coherence.

Thus in the discussion of hung cancer the
Committee finds its association with cigarette
smoking coherent with the temporal rise that has
taken place in the two variables over the last
generation and with the sex difference in
mortality — features that might well apply in an
occupational problem. The known urban/rural
ratio of lung cancer mortality does not detract
from coherence, nor the restriction of the effect
to the lung.

Personally, I regard as greatly contributing to
coherence the histopathological evidence from
the bronchial epithelium of smokers and the
isolation from cigarette smoke of factors car-
cinogenic for the skin of laboratory animals.
Nevertheless, while such laboratory evidence can
enormousty strengthen the hypothesis and,
indeed, may determine the actual causative agent,
the lack of such evidence cannot nullify the
epidemiological observations in man. Arsenic
can undoubtedly cause cancer of the skin in man
but it has never been possible to demonstrate
such an effect on any other animal. In a wider
field John Snow"s epidemiological observations on
the conveyance of cholera by the water from the
Broad Street pump would have been put almost
beyond dispute if Robert Koch had been then
around to isolate the vibrio from the baby's
nappies, the well itself and the gentleman in
delicate health from Brighton. Yet the fact that
Koch's work was to be awaited another thirty
years did not really weaken the epidemiological
case though it made it more difficult to establish
against the criticisms of the day — both just and
unjust.

(8) Experiment: Occasionally it is possible to
appeal to experimental, or semi-experimental,
evidence. For example, because of an observed
association some preventive action is taken. Does
it in fact prevent? The dust in the workshop is
reduced, lubricating oils are changed, persons
stop smoking cigarettes. Is the frequency of the
associated events affected? Here the strongest
HH

support for the causation hypothesis may be
revealed.

(9) Analogy: Im some circumstances it would be
fair to judge by analogy. With the effects of
thalidomide and rubelta before us we would
surely be ready to accept slighter but similar
evidence with another drug or another viral
disease in pregnancy.

Here then are nine different viewpoints from all
of which we should study association before we
cry causation. What 1 do not believe — and this
has been suggested — is that we can usefully lay
down some hard-and-fast rules of evidence that
must be obeyed before we accept cause ard
effect. None of my nine viewpoints can bring
indisputable evidence for or against the cause-
and-effect hypothesis and none can be required
as a sine qua non. What they can do, with greater
or less strength, is to help us to make up óur
minds on the fundamental question — is there any
other way of explaining the set of facts before us,
is there any other answer equally, or more, likely
than cause and effect?

Tests of Significance

No formal tests of significance can answer those
questions. Such tests can, and should, remind us
of the effects that the play of chance can create,
and they will instruct us ín the likely magnitude
of those effects. Beyond that they contribute
nothing to the “proof” of our hypothesis.

Nearly forty years ago, amongst the studies of
occupational health that I made for the Industrial
Health Research Board of the Medical Research
Council was one that concerned the workers in
the cotton-spinning mills of Lancashire (Hill
1930). The question that T had to answer, by the
use of the National Health Insurance records of
that time, was this: Do the workers in the card-
room of the spinning mill, who tend the machines
that clean the raw cotton, have a sickness experi-
ençe in any way different from that of other
operatives in the same mills who are relatively
unexposed to the dust and fibre that were
features of the cardroom? The answer was an
unqualified “Yes”. From age 30 to age 60 the
cardroom workers suffered over three times as
much from respiratory causes of illness whereas
from non-respiratory causes their experience was
not different from that of the other workers.
This pronounced difference with the respiratory
causes was derived not from abnormally long
periods of sickness but rather from an excessive
number of repeated absences from work of the
cardroom workers.

Secion of Occupativnal Medicine 2.99

AM this has rightly passed into the limbo of
forgotten things. What interests me today is this:
My results were set out for men and women
separately and for half a dozen age groups in 36
tables. So there were plenty of sums. Yet I cannot
find that anywhere T thought it necessary to use a
test of significance. The evidence was so clear-cut,
the differences between the groups were mainly so
large, the contrast between respiratory and non-
respiratory causes of illness so specific, that no
formal tests could really contribute anything of
value to the argument. So why use them?

Would we think or act that way today? 1
rather doubt it. Between the two world wars there
was a strong case for empbasizing to the clinician
and other research workers the importance of not
overlooking the effects of the play of chance upon
their data. Perhaps too often generalities were
based upon two men and a laboratory dog while
the treatment of choice was deduced from a
difference between two bedfuls of patients and
might easily have no true meaning. It was there-
fore a useful corrective for statisticians to stress,
and to teach the need for, tests of significance
merely to serve as guides to caution before draw-
ing a conclusion, before inflating the particular
to the general.

Twonder whether the pendulum has not swung
too far — not only with the atientive pupils but
even with the statisticians themselves. To decline
to draw conclusions without standard errors can
surely be just as silly? Fortunately 1 believe we
have not yet gone so far as our friends in the
USA where, I'am told, some editors of journals
will return an article because tests of significance
have not been applied. Yet there are innumerable
situations in which they are totally unnecessary —
because the difference is grotesquely obvious,
because it is negligible, or because, whether it be
formally significant or not, it is too small to be of
any practical importance. What is worse the
glitter of the + table diverts attention from the
inadequacies of the fare, Only a tithe, and an
unknown tithe, of the factory personnel volunteer
for some procedure or interview, 20%, of patients
treated in some particular way are lost to sight,
30%, of a randomly-drawn sample are never con-
tacted. The sample may, indeed, be akin to that
of the man who, according to Swift, “had a mind
to sell his house and carried a piece of brick in his
pocket, which he showed as a pattern to en-
courage purchasers'. The writer, the editor and
the reader are unmoved. The magic formula are
there.

Of course I exaggerate. Yet too often I suspeet
we waste a deal of time, we grasp the shadow and
300 Proceedings of the Royal Society of Medicine

lose the substance, we weaken our capacity to
interpret data and to take reasonable decisions
whatever the value of P, And far too often we
deduce “no difference from “no significant
difference”. Like fire, the x? test is an excellent
servant and a bad master.

The Case for Action
Finally, in passing from association to causation
I believe in “real life” we shall have to consider
what flows from that decision. On scientific
grounds we should do no such thing. The evi-
dence is there to be judged on its merits and the
judgment (in that sense) should be utterly
independent of what hangs upon it — or who
hangs because of it. But in another and more
practical sense we may surely ask what is involved
iu our decision. In occupational medicine our
object is usually .to take action. If this be opera-
tive cause and that be deleterious effect, then we
shall wish to intervene to abolish or reduce
death or disease.

While that is a commendable ambition it
almost inevitabty leads us to introduce differen-
tial standards before we convict. Thus on
relatively slight evidence we might decide to
restrict the use of a drug for esrly-morning sick-
ness in pregnant women. If we are wrong in
deducing causation from association no great
harm will be done. The good lady and the
pharmaceutical industry will doubtless survive.

On fair evidence we might take action on what
appears to be an occupational hazard, e.g: we
might change from a probably carcinogenic oil

12

to a non-carcinogenic oil in a limited environment
and without too much injustice if we are wrong.
But we should need very strong evidence before
we made people burn a fuel in their homes that
they do not like or stop smoking thecigarettes and
eating the fats and sugar that they do like. In
asking for very strong evidence I would, however,
repeat emphatically that this does not imply
crossing every “!, and swords with every critic,
before we act.

All scientific work is incomplete - whether it be
observational or experimental. All scientific work
is liable to be upset or modified by advancing
knowledge, That does not confer upon us a free-
dom to ignore the knowledge we already have, or
to postponetheaction that it appears to demand at
a given time.

Who knows, asked Robert Browning, but the
world may end tonight? True, but on available
evidence most of us make ready to commute on
the 8.30 next day.

REFERENCES
Doll R (1964) In: Medical Surveys and Clinical Trials. Ed. LJ
Witts. 2nd ed, London: p 333

DollR & Hill À B (1964) Brit. med. J. 1, 1399, 1460

Heady A (1958) Med. World, Lond, 89, 305

HAB

(4930) Sickness amongst Operatives in Lancashire Spinning Mills.
Industrial Health Research Board Report No, 59, HMSQ, London
(1962). Inst. Aciu 88, 178

Snow J (1855) On the Mode of Communication of Cholera. 2nd
ed. London (Reprinted 1936, New York)

US Department of Health, Education & Welfare (1964) Smoking
and Health. Pubtic Health Service Publication No. 1103, Washing-
ton
THE LANCET

What's the denominator?

Cesar G Victora

 

Floating numerator

Statements such as “most people with kidney stones drink
less than six pints of liquid a day” and “most motor car
accidents take place within a five-mile radius of the victim”s
home” lack a denominator, being based on a frequency
count of a risk factor among affected individuals, and,
whilst strictly true, they mislead by failing to measure
relative risk. Obviously, most people drink less than six
pints a day and spend more time travelling near than far
from their homes. This does not mean, however, that such
activities are riskier than their alternatives. This pitfall,
“floating numerators”;! can be solved by use of the
appropriate denominator. Lack of a denominator is also
behind the faliacy of drawing conclusions from statements
such as “my grandfather smoked three packs a day and lived
tobe 90 years old”. A proper denominator would show that
the average life expectancy of a group of smoking adults is
lower than that of a comparable group of non-smokers.

Floating numerators can also be more sophisticatedly
disguised. For example, the entropy theory of ageing states
that increasing human size is in conflict with a maximum
lifespan. A report? attempted to support this theory by
showing that adult weights and heights are inversely related
to lifespan. By use of hospital records of 373 deceased men,
the researchers showed that tall and heavy men had lower
mean ages at death than short and tight men. These findings
were restricted to individuals who died, no proper pop-
ulation denominator being provided. The results may have
been affected by the secular trend in growth as well as by
loss of weight or height with ageing. For instance, men aged
90 or more who die today are likely to be shorter than those
aged, say, under 40. Only population-based denominators
allow study of longevity in a cohort of men of different
heights and thereby avoid fallacious conclusions.

Choice of the appropriate denominator is therefore one of
the most important tasks of an epidemiologist.?” The most
commonly used denominators are shown in the panel.
These denominators are essential for measuring disease
frequency. Before describing these measures, however, it is
useful to recall some basic definitions. A ratio is the
quotient of any two numbers. For example, the female to
male ratio is greater than one in most communities. Ratios
usedin epidemiology range from O to + 00. À proportion isa
special type of ratio in which the denominator contains the
numerator. For instance, 10% of the subjects examined in a
survey may have a given disease. A proportion must range
from O to 1, or 0%, to 100%. Odds are the number of events
divided by the number of non-events—eg, the number of

 

Mestrado em Epidemiologla, Universidade Federal de Pelotas,
CP 464, Pelotas, RS 96001 Brazil (Cesar G Victora PhD)

patients in a population divided by the number of individ-
uals without the disease. Odds, although common in
betring, are harder to interpret than proportions. They vary
from O to + co, often being expressed as 1:2 (that is, 1 case
per 2 non-cases), 3:2, 7:4, and so forth. The main reason
odds have become popular is because the ratio of two odds
(odds ratio) is easy to calculate from case-control studies
and via logistic regression, a common method of multi-
variate analysis.

Measures of disease frequency

Different types of epidemiological studies allow calculation
of different measures of disease frequency. The figure
represents a group under study. At time t,, a, individuals
already have the disease of interest and c, do not. Of c, b,
willacquire the disease by t,, while c, remain healthy. At the
end ofthe study (t,), c, will still be unaffected. Note that this
simplified scheme assumes that the disease occurs only once
in each individual and that there have been no further
deaths or losses to follow-up.

Prevalence

In cross-sectional studies, sampled subjects are examined
once. The number of cases may then be divided by the total
number of persons studied (denominator I in the panel).
This is usually called the point prevalence, or sometimes
the prevalence rate. At to, the prevalence is equal to aç/(a, +
Co) while at t, it equais (a, + by)/(a, + b, + c,). The point
prevalence is in fact a proportion. For example, a survey
may show that 12:7%, of individuals aged 40 and over living
in a city have chronic bronchitis.

Panel: Commonly used denominators

* The total number of persons under study at a given time ().

* The number of persons who do not have the disease of
interest at a given time (Ii).

* The number of persons at risk multipiied by the time for
which each remains at risk (lil).

“The number of cases may also be divided by the number
of people without the disease of interest (denominator II),
resulting in the prevalence odds. At t,, for instance, this
equals (a, + by)/c,. For the same data, the prevalence odds
will always be larger than the prevalence rate since the
prevalence rate's denominator will be greater. In our urban
survey, the odds of chronic bronchitis would equal 0-154, or
about 1:7,

A third, less common prevalence measure is period
prevalence, or the proportion of individuals with a given
condition in a whole period. In the figure, this would equal!
(do + by/tão + co).

 

Vol 342 * Fuly 10, 1993

97
ARE LANCES

Persons

 

Time
Figure: Disease occurrence in a population

Incidence

The situation is more complex in cohort or incidence
studies in which subjects are followed over time. When the
disease is not recurrent, incidence studies usually exclude
individuals who are already affected at the beginning (a,).
Others who are not at risk of the disease should also be
excluded (eg, women who have had hysterectomies, in a
study of endomerrial cancer). A first choice of denominator
is therefore II, the initial population at risk (c,). If they are
followed up until t,, the number of new or incident cases
(b;) divided by c gives the incidence risk, also known as
cumulative incidence. An incidence risk is a proportion. As
an example, the risk of developing breast cancer in a cohort
of women aged 40, who are followed up over 30 years, may
equal 4:2%,

However, the numbers at risk change over time. Subjects
who develop the disease, who die from other causes, or who
are lost to follow-up can no longer be detected as incident
cases. Recognition of this pitfall led to the development of
the incidence rate, also known as incidence density or force
of morbidity (or mortality). Its denominator is expressed as
person-time units (III). Each person who is followed up for
1 time unit (say, a month or a year) represents 1 person-
month or 1 person-year. 10 person-years, for example, may
be accrued by following up 10 persons for a year, 5 persons
for 2 years, or 1 person for 10 years. The number of
person-time units is represented in the figure by the white
area. In calculation of rates for a geographical area where
the exact number of person-years is not known, the
mid-year population provides a reasonable estimate.

An incidence rate is a ratio, ranging from O to +00,
because the numerator (events) is not contained in the
denominator (person-time). It reflects the velocity of
change in some characteristic of the population. Oes-
ophageal cancer, for example, may occur in a given
community with an incidence rate of 10 per 100 000
person-years. For recurrent diseases, incidence rates may
be greater than 1 per person-time unit. For example, in
many developing countries there are around 3 diarrhoea
episodes per child-year.

If the disease is rare—say, affecting less than 10%, of the
subjects over the duration of the study—and if deaths and
losses to follow-up are few, the incidence risk and rate will
be similar if expressed in the same time units. If these
assumptions do not hold, the incidence rate will be larger
than the risk, since the incidence risks denominator will be

greater.

98

A third possibility in a cohort study is to calculate
incidence odds by dividing the number of cases by the
number of subjects still disease-free at the end of study
(b;/e). This is less commonly done.

Incidence risks are usually more appropriate for present-
ing the prognosis of individual patients (say, a 50% chance
of survival for 5 years). Incidence rates, on the other hand,
are more appropriate for aetiological research, especially for
chronic diseases in which the observation time for each
subject is shorter than the incubation period of the disease.

Proportionate and case-fatality rates

Even without population data a denominator can still be
obtained. For instance, the number of deaths due to a
particular cause may be related to the overall number of
deaths in the same period. This denominator is analogous to
II and allows calculation of a proportionate mortality rate,
which is actually a proportion. A study may show, for
example, that 12% of infant deaths in a given town were due
to pneumonia. Similarly, if the total number of patients
attending a clinic or being admitted is known, propor-
tionate morbidity rates can be calculated for each type of
disease. Such situations are akin to a cross-sectional study,
each subject being considered once at the time of death,
admission, or attendance.

Proportionate rates are not as useful as those based on the
population at risk, because they may be artificially reduced
if there are many deaths, attendances, or admissions due to
other causes. The opposite may also happen, a large
proportionate rate resulting from a deficit of other deaths,
admissions, or attendances. Despite these pitfalls, such
denominators are better than no denominator.

Finally, the proportion of deaths among new cases of
disease in a given period (often unstated) is the case-fatility
rate. This is often wrongiy referred to as mortality
(incidence) rate: “rabies is a disease with high mortality” is
not true in most places, although its case-fatality is high
everywhere. A case-fatality rate is in fact a proportion,
ranging from O to 1.

Of the measures of disease frequency, the most
commonly used are the prevalence rate, the incidence risk
and rate, and the proportionate mortality and case-fatality
rates. Odds are not often used for describing disease
frequency but they have an important role in the calculation
of measures of effect.

Measures of effect

An effect relates to the association between an exposure (or
risk factor) and a disease. Effects may be expressed in
relative or absolute terms.

Relative effects are expressed as ratios, that is, quotients
of two frequency measures. They are often referred to as
relative risks although they can be relative prevalences,
rates, or odds. Their general form is: ratio= (frequency
among exposed)/(frequency among unexposed). Since both
frequencies must be expressed in the same units, such a
ratio is dimensionless, ranging ftom O to + co. For example,
low birthweight children may have twice the risk of dying
because of diarrhoea in infancy than those of appropriate
birthweight. This relative risk of 2-0 corresponds to a 100%
increase. If the disease is less common for the exposed than
for the unexposed, the ratio will be below unity. For
instance, children receiving a given vaccine may have a ratio
of 0-4 relative to unvaccinated children. In this case, the
protection would equal 60% (100% — 40%,). Note that a

Vol 342 « July 10, 1993
60% reduction does not correspond to a 60%, increase for
the unvaccinated, who would in fact have a 150% increase
([100% — 40%]/4 %). Odds ratios are increasingly used.
They may be calculated from case-control studies and are
approximately equal to the rate ratio in a cohort study if the
controls are properly chosen.”

Absolute effects are expressed through a difference
between the prevalences, rates, risks, or odds of exposed
and unexposed subjects. The form is: difference = (fre-
quency among exposed) — (frequency among unexposed).
A difference may range from — co to + 00. Itis expressed in
the same units as the frequency measures, such as percen-
tage points or person-years. Negative differences imply that
the exposure is protective.

Ratios imply a multiplicative relation between exposure
and disease—eg, non-breastfed infants in a developing
country may be three times more likely to die than breastfed
ones. Differences, on the other hand, assume an additive
relation-—there will be an extra 120 deaths per 1000 infants
who are not breastfed. For aetiological studies, ratios are
most commonly used because they indicate the strength of
the association. For the health administrator or planner,
however, differences are more appropriate because they
estimate the actual number of cases that might be prevented
byagiven intervention.

“THE LANÇET

Conclusion

Epidemiological terminology evolves. Different and some-
times conflicting terms may be used for describing the same
measure, reflecting the intensity of progress in this field and
rapid incorporation by other health sciences. Whichever
terms are used, the denominator must be defined. The
choice of the proper denominator is one of the most crucial
aspects of describing disease occurrence and of evaluating
risk factors.

 

Reforencos

1 Rose G, Barker DJP. Epidemiology for the uninitiated, London:
BMA, 1979.

2 Sarmaras TT, Storms LH. Impact of height and weight on life span.
Bull WHO 1992; 70: 259-67.

3 Kieinbaum DG, Kupper LL, Morgenstern H. Epidemiologic research:
principles and quantitative methods. New York: Van Nostrand
Reinhold, 1982.

4 Rothman KJ, Modern epidemiology. Boston: Litrle Brown, 1986.

5 Miettinen OS. Theorctical epidemiology: principles of occurrence
research in medicine. New York: Wiley, 1985,

6 Kirkwood BR. Essentials of medical statistics. Oxford: Blackwell, 1988.

7 Rodrigues L, Kirkwood BR, Case-control designs in the study of
common diseases: updates on the demise of the rare disease assumption
and the choice of sampling scheme for controls. Int f Epidemiol 1990;
19:205-13.

  

 

Management of science

Bruce G Charlton

 

Another phase of the UK's National Health Service reforms is
becoming visible, at least in outline—namely, the manage-
ment of scientific knowledge in medicine. The strategy has
several promising aspects but also contains serious threats,
which require debate before new practices harden into dogma.

Lancet 1993; 342: 99-100

See Editorial page 64

Over the past ten years reforms have moved towards the
goal of a managed NHS in which all arcas of activity are
accountable to a management structure (one including
managerial clinicians as well as general managers).! The
NHS is to be managed right through to the patient. Over the
same time administrative regulation and internal compe-
tition have increased: the reforms have enhanced control
from both bureaucratic and market mechanisms at the
expense of professional influence.? The result has been a
complex, contradictory, and probably unstable mixture of
“purchaser/provider splits” in which self-governing NHS
trust hospitals work alongside units directly managed by
the purchasers, while traditional primary health-care

 

Epidemiology and Public Health, Medical School, University of
Newcastle upon Tyne, Newcastle upon Tyne NE2 4HH, UK
(BG Charlton MD)

teams live next door to fund-holding practices with both
purchaser and provider functions. And into this state
of evolving chaos, the NHS hierarchy is attempting to
inject long-term planning, strategic thinking, and
priorities, through The Health of the Nation?

The management of science here is “top down”, albeit
after extensive consultation. The Health of the Nation and
then First Steps for the NHS! set out priorities. These will
be spelled out, in terms of service requirements, in
purchaser-provider contracts; and the next logical step will
presumably be to enforce these protocols at the level of
individual practice, For the first time in the UK large areas
of clinical decision-making will be subject to managerial
accountability.

Purchasers will be contracting with service providers to
adopt highly specific clinical management packages. For
instance,* to “specify [a] protocol for beta-blocker and
aspirin treatment post myocardial infarction”; to “ensure
audit processes are im place to monitor treatment and
follow-up [of skin cancers], particularly on stage and
margin of excision”; and to “establish baseline data to
monitor the prescription of benzodiazepines [in general
practice], and encourage improved prescribing practice and
the development of protocols for prescribing anti-
depressants and psychotropic drugs”. District health
authorities and family healrh service authorities will thus be
managing the translation of scientifically established
knowledge into NHS practice. What used to be decided at
ground level by individual doctors will now be a contractual
requirement. This extension of managerial control over
clinical practice raises many issues.

The move is well-intentioned and commands support
within medicine, and the desire to apply knowledge more
rationally has a distinguished history. Unexplained vari-
ations in clinical practice are being unearthed by the
increased level of data collection and publication; there is
general dissatisfaction at the unpredictable speed of uptake
of medical innovations; and there is also concern that some

 

Vol 342 « July 10, 1993

99
Articles

 

Serological evidence of human infection with SARS-CoV-2:
a systematic review and meta-analysis

Xinhua Chen”, Zhiyuan Chen”, Andrew S Azman”, Xiaowei Deng, Rujjia Sun, Zeyao Zhao, Nan Zheng, Xinghui Chen, Wanying Lu, Tingyu Zhuang,
juan Yang, Cecile Viboud, Marco Ajelli Daniel T Leungt, Hongjie Yut

Summary
Background A rapidly increasing number of serological surveys for antibodies to SAR$-CoV-2 have been reported
worldwide. We aimed to synthesise, combine, and assess this large corpus of data.

Methods In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we searched PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and five preprint
servers for articles published in English between Dec 1, 2019, and Dec 22, 2020. Studies evaluating SARS-CoV-2.
seroprevalence in humans after the first identified case in the area were included. Studies that only reported serological
responses among patients with COVID-19, those using known infection status samples, or any animal experiments
were all excluded. AIl data used for analysis were extracted from included papers. Study quality was assessed using a
standardised scale. We estimated age-specific, sex-specific, and race-specific seroprevalence by WHO regions and
subpopulations with different levels of exposures, and the ratio of serology-identified infections to virologically
confirmed cases. This study is registered with PROSPERO, CRD42020198253.

Findings 16506 studies were identified in the initial search, 2523 were assessed for eligibility after removal of duplicates
and inappropriate titles and abstracis, and 404 serological studies (representing tests in 5168360 individuals) were
included in the meta-analysis. In the 82 studies of higher quality, close contacis (18 -0%, 95% CI 15-7-20-3) and high-
risk health-care workers (17.1%, 9-9-24-4) had higher seroprevalence than did low-risk health-care workers (42%,
1.5-6-9) and the general population (8-0%, 6-8-9-2). The heterogeneity between included studies was high, with an
overall P of 999% (p<0-0001). Seroprevalence varied greatly across WHO regions, with the lowest seroprevalence of
general populations in the Western Pacific region (1-7%, 95% CI 0-0-5-0). The pooled infectionto-case ratio was
similar between the region of the Americas (6-9, 95% CI 2-7-17-3) and the European region (8-4, 6-5-10-7), but
higher in India (56-5, 28-5-112-0), the only country in the South-East Asia region with data.

Interpretation Antibody-mediated herd immunity is far from being reached in most settings. Estimates of the ratio of
serologically detected infections per virologically confirmed cases across WHO regions can help provide insights into
the true proportion of the population infected from routine confirmation data.

Funding National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars, Key Emergency Project of Shanghai Science and
Technology Committee, Program of Shanghai Academic/Technology Research Leader, National Science and
Technology Major project of China, the US National Institutes of Health.

Copyright O 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an Open Access article under the CC BYNC-ND
4.0 license.

Introduction

The COVID-19 pandemic, caused by SARS-CoV-2, was
first reported in Wuhan, China, in December, 2019, and
quickly spread globally! As of Feb 9, 2021, more than
100 million COVID-19 cases, including 2316 389 deaths,
had been reported in 223 countries or regions.” The true
number of SARS-CoV-2 infections is undoubtedly much
higher than the officially reported number of cases due to
various factors, including the occurrence of asymptomatic
infections, variable seeking of health care for clinically
mild cases, varied testing strategies in different countries,
false-negative virological tests, and incomplete case
reporting. Therefore, the reported COVID-19 cases based
on clinical identification with virological confirmation
only represent a small proportion, with a large number
of asymptomatic and mild infections in the general

wrwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May2021

population that might only be identified by sero-
epidemiological studies.”

Serological studies are a useful tool to estimate the
proportion of the population previously infected, to
quantify the magnitude of transmission of pathogens,
estimate the infection fatality rate,' assess the effect of
interventions) and when correlates of protection are
available, estimate the degree of population immunity*”
Insights from serological surveillance can be valuable for
policy makers and health officials when planning public
health decision making.

Several serological investigations across the world
have been published during the 12 months of the
COVID-19 pandemic, with highly variable estimates of
seroprevalence that could largely be due to differences
in attack rates, but which also feature heterogeneous

0

cross

Lancet Glob Health 2021;
9:es98-609

Published Online

March 8, 2021
httpsy/doiorg/10:1016/
52214-109%(21)00026-7
See Comment page es59
Forthe Chinesetranlationof
the abstract see Online for
appendixi

*Contributed equallyas co-first
authors

1Contributed equal asjoint
senior authors

Schoolof PublicHealth, Fudan
University Key Laboratory of
Public Health Safety, Ministry
of Education, Shanghai, China.
(Xinh Chen BSc, Z Chen BSc,

X Deng MSc, RSun BSc,

Z2hao BSc NZheng BSc,

Xing Chen BSc WLuBSc,
TZhuang BS€, JYang PhD,

Prof Hu PhD); Shanghai
Institute of Infectious Disease
and Biosecurity, Fudan
University, Shanghai, China
(Prof H Yu); Departmentof
Infectious Diseases, Huashan
Hospital, Fudan University,
Shanghai, China (Prof Yu);
Department of Epidemiology,
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg
Schoolof PublicHealth,
Baltimore, MD, USA

(AS Azman PhD); Unitof
Population Epidemiology,
Divisionof Primary Care
Medicine, Geneva University
Hospitals, Geneva, Switzerland
(AS Azman); Institute ofGlobal
Health, Faculty of Medicine,
Universityof Geneva, Geneva,
Switzerland (AS Azman);
Divisionof International
Epidemiology and Population
Studies, Fogarty International
Center, National Institutesof
Health, Bethesda, MD, USA
(CViboud PhD) Department of
Epidemiology and Biostatistcs,
Indiana University School of
Public Health, Bloomington, IN,
USA (MAjeli PhD); Division of
Infectious Diseases, University
ofUtah Schoolof Medicine, Sal
LakeCity, UT, USA

(DTLeung MD)

 

es98
Articles

 

Correspondenceto:
Prof Hong Yu, Shanghai

Instituteof Infectious Disease
and Biosecurity School of Public.

e599

Health, Fudan University,
Shanghai 200030, China
yhjGfudan edu.cn

See Online forappendix 2

Researchin context

Evidence beforethis study

Serological evidence for SARS-CoV-2 infection is essential to
understand the proportion ofthe population previously
infected. Many serological investigations across the world have
been done and the data analysed. We searched PubMed,
Embase, Web of Science, and five preprint servers for articles.
published between Dec1, 2019, and Dec 22, 2020, withthe
following primary search terms: “SARS-CoV-2", “COVID-19",
“seroprevalence”, “antibodies”, and “seroepidemiological
Indusion criteria were articles published in English that
evaluated SARS-CoV-2 seroprevalence in humans afterthe first
identified case in the area, and which reported the assays used.
Several narrative reviews only summarised serological data at.
the early stage of the COVID-19 pandemic without using
standard meta-analysis techniques. Another two meta-analyses
separately estimated the seroprevalence of general populations
and health-care workers, rather than providing a
comprehensive assessment of seroprevalence in
subpopulations with different levels of exposures. None of
these reviews have made pooled estimates of the infection-to-
case ratio (serologically detected infections per virologically
confirmed cases).

Added value of this study

This systematic review and meta-analysis includes serological
data for more than 5 168 360 study participants from

404 serosurveys and provides a comprehensive assessment of
the seroprevalence of SARS-CoV-2 human infections. On the
basis of study design, laboratory method, and outcome
correction, we systematically assessed the overall quality ofthe

sampling strategies and assays used. Several systematic
reviews and meta-analyses of SARS-CoV.2 seroprevalence
were identified but had limited scope and did not
investigate important differences between subpopula-
tions, quantitatively assess study quality, or estimate the
infection-to-case ratio *”

We did a systematic review and meta-analysis to
summarise serological surveys for SARS-CoV.2 infections
in humans; to comprehensively evaluate the study
designs, laboratory methods, and outcome interpretations
for each included serological study; and to estimate the
risk of infections by populations with different presumed
levels of exposure to SARS-CoV-2. We aim for these
results to help inform decision makers and researchers as
plans are made for the next phases of'the global pandemic.

Methods

Search strategy and selection criteria

According to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic
Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines" we did a
systematic literature review from three peer-reviewed
databases (PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science) and
five preprint severs (medRxiv, bioRxiv, SSRN, Wellcome

existing seroprevalence studies of SARS-CoV-2 and foundthat
it was generally low. A higher prevalence of SARS-CoV-2-
specific antibodies was observed in close contacts (18-0%) and
high-risk health-care workers (17-1%) than in low-risk
health-care workers (4:2%) and the general population (8:0%).
Seroprevalence varied hugely across WHO regions, withthe
highest seroprevalence of general populations in the South-
East Asia region (19-6%) andthe lowestin the Western Pacific
region (1:7%). We also found that young people (<20 years)
and older people (>65 years) were less likely to be seropositive
than were individuals aged 20-64 years, and no significant
difference was found between men and women. The pooled
infection-to-case ratio was similar between the region of the
Americas and the European region, but higher in the South-
East Asia region.

Implications of all the available evidence

Overall, existing serological evidence shows a higher infection
risk among close contacts and health-care workers who do not
have access to personal protective equipment. The relatively
low prevalence of SARS-CoV-2-specific antibodies among
general populations suggests that most populations examined
have not been infected, and herd immunity is far from being
achieved in most settings. The general low quality of most of
the existing seroprevalence studies indicates the effect of
differences in study design, laboratory methods, and outcome
adjustment on the interpretability of serological studies of
human infections with SARS-CoV-2. Therefore, international
collaborations to standardise serological survey and laboratory
methods are urgently required.

Open Research, and Europe PMC) with predefined search
terms (appendix 2 pp 10-11). The search terms used for
PubMed were as follows: “2019-nCoV” OR “coronavirus
disease 2019” OR“COVID-19” OR “severeacute respiratory
syndrome coronavirus 2” OR “SARS-CoV-2” AND
(seroprevalen* OR seroincidenc* OR seroconversion OR
seronegative OR seropositive* OR seroepidemiolog* OR
serolog* OR serosurvey* OR antibod* OR infection
AND (“attack rate” OR “cumulative incidence”). Two
independent researchers (Xinh C, ZC) screened titles
and abstracis of papers published in English from
Dec 1, 2019, to Dec 22, 2020, meeting the following
criteria: (1) a report of seroprevalence in either the
general population or some other well-defined population
of non-COVID-19 clinical cases; (2) done after the first
reported case in the area; and (3) reporting the specific
assays used. We excluded studies that only reported
serological responses among patients with COVID-19,
those using samples with known infection status (eg,
validation studies of assays), and animal experiments.
We excluded abstracts of congress meetings or
conference proceedings, study protocols, media news,
commentaries, reviews, or case reports.

 

 

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May 2021
Articles

 

 

The full texts of included studies after initial screening
were scrutinised to assess the overall eligibility based on
the inclusion and exclusion criteria by two independent
researchers (Xinh C, ZC). A third researcher (HY) was
consulted when the two reviewers disagreed on study
assessment. For eligible studies, data were extracted by
researchers (Xinh C, ZC) on the number of participants
who provided specimens and the number of these who
were seropositive to calculate the seroprevalence. When
data were inconsistent between reviewers, they were
asked to discuss and revisit the article until reaching a
consensus. If key information, such as the use of
personal protective equipment (PPE) of health-care
workers, was not reported in the paper, we contacted the
corresponding author via email. For each included study,
we described its characteristics, laboratory testing
method, and primary outcome (appendix 2 pp 12-144).

To assess study quality, we developed a scoring system
on the basis of a seroepidemiological protocol from
the Consortium for the Standardization of Influenza
Seroepidemiology' a previously published scoring
system for seroprevalence studies of zoonotic influenza
viruses," and a seroepidemiological protocol developed
by WHO.* We comprehensively assessed study design
(representativeness of study participants), laboratory
assay (whether internal assay validations or a confir-
matory assay was done), and outcome adjustment
(correction for demographics or test performance, or
both) and an overall score was determined for each
included study (appendix 2 pp 145-46). From this score,
two researchers (Xinh C, ZC) classified each study's
quality into one of four grades: A, B, C, or D. When
disagreements arose, a third investigator (HY) was
consulted. Grade A, the highest quality category, spanned
studies with scores ranging from 10 to 12, grade B from 7
to 9, grade C from 4to 6, and grade D from 0 to 3. We
only included grade A and grade B studies in the main
analysis but provide additional results with all studies,
irrespective of grade, in appendix 2 (pp 205-06).

Data analysis
Seroprevalence was defined as the prevalence of
SARS-CoV-2-specific antibodies at or above a designated
antibody titre to define a seropositive result in each
original study. For serial cross-sectional studies, we
calculated the sum of the total number of participants who
provided specimens and total number of seropositive
individuals during the whole study period, to avoid
repeated inclusion of the same study. Similarly, only
data from the first blood collection were analysed for
studies with a longitudinal design to limit selection bias
associated with retention in the study. For studies that
used multiple serological assays, we used the seropositive
results from the assay with the highest sensitivity and
specificity (calculated by Youden's index). Ifa study used a
confirmatory assay (eg, microneutralisation assay) to
validate the positive or equivocal result from the initial

wwwthelancet.comjlancetgh Vol9 May2021

screening, we used the results from the confirmatory
assay. We also did a sensitivity analysis with results from
the other assays (sensitivity analysis 1) and with individuals
considered positive if they tested positive in at least one
single assay (sensitivity analysis 2). For studies reporting
multiple isotypes including IgG, we included only IgG in
the main analyses because these isotypes remain elevated
for a longer period postinfection than do IgM and IgA”
If seropositivity based only on IgG was not reported
separately or seropositivity reported was based only on
total antibodies, these results were also included. Although
many studies did adjust for various factors, we decided to
use the crude (unadjusted) estimates in our analyses to
ease interpretation across different studies and did a
sensitivity analysis with seroprevalence adjusted for test
performance by using Bayesian measurement error
models (sensitivity analysis 3).

To reduce heterogeneity between individual sero-
prevalence estimates and to provide more policy-relevant
summary statistics, we stratified eligible studies by
WHO regions (ie, African region, region of the
Americas, Eastern Mediterranean region, European
region, South-East Asia region, and Western Pacific

 

 

 

 

8918 records identified through 7563 records identified through
peer-reviewed database preprint servers
3685 via PubMed 4995 via medRxivand
2549 via Embase bioRiv
2684viaWebofScience 147 via SSRN
6oviaWellcome Open
Research
2361 via Europe PMC

 

 

 

 

25 records identified through
official reports.

 

 

16506 records identified

10538 records identified

O |

5968 duplicates identified and removed

 

title and abstract

 

Ly) 8015 records excuded after screening

 

 

2523 records assessed for elgibility

 

 

404 records reporting the seroprevalence of
SARS-CoV-2 included in meta-analysis.
8 from African region

120 from region ofthe Americas.

19 from Eastem Medliterranean region
194from European region

19 from South-East Asia region

44 from Westem Pacific region

 

 

 

 

2119 records excluded after ful-text review

 

Figure 1: Study selection

Elowchartofthe selection of serological studies of SARS-CoV-2 infection from Dec 1, 2019, to Dec 22, 2020.

e600

 
Articles

 

For the COMID 19 Dashboard by
theCenterfor Systems Science

 

and Engineering at

Johns Hopkins University see
httpsleoronavirus jhu edo/

e601

maphtml

Forthe WHO COVID-19
Dashboard see
httpsyfcovidaS who int

region).” To estimate seroprevalence by different types of
exposure, within each WHO region, we categorised all
study participants into five groups: (1) close contacts,
(2) high-risk health-care workers, (3) low-risk health-care
workers, (4) general populations, and (5) poorly defined
populations (appendix 2 pp 147-48). The poorly defined
population classification represents populations with
undefined or unknown exposure to patients with
laboratory-confirmed or suspected COVIDA9 (eg, blood
donors, residual blood samples from laboratories, patients
with other diseases), as well as study populations that
cannot be categorised into the first four study populations
due to limited exposure information (eg, health-care
workers without reporting use of PPE or COVID-19-
related exposures). On the basis of a random-effect meta-
analysis model, we used the inverse variance method to
estimate pooled seroprevalence by WHO regions and
different subpopulations, combined with the use of the
Clopper-Pearson method to calculate 95% CIs.º=

For seroprevalence estimates from the general
population, we further explored potential determinants
affecting the seroprevalence, such as sex, age, race, and
the reported cumulative incidence of virologically
confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infections (referred to through-
out as COVID-19 cases or confirmed COVID-19) for the
location. Age-specific, sex-specific, and race-specific
seroprevalence and corresponding relative risk (RR) by
WHO regions were estimated. Due to evidence that the
median time to IgG seroconversion is about 2 weeks,
we calculated cumulative incidence of confirmed
COVID-19 by dividing the number of cases reported in
the same target population as the serosurvey 2 weeks
before the serosurvey mid-point at the location, by the
estimated population size. Spearman's rank correlation
was established between the cumulative incidence and
the seroprevalence among studies involving the general
population and, following this, the corresponding
correlation coefficient was calculated. Furthermore, we
meta-analysed the number of serologically detected
infections (the number of individuals with positive
SARS-CoV.2 serology) per confirmed case (the number
of reported cases in the target population of the
serological study), which we refer to as the infection-to-
case ratio, with available epidemiological data included
in the articles and other sources” Unless reported in
the article, we used population size estimates from
WorldPop” or a local statistics bureau.” Studies were
included in the meta-analyses of the ratio of serologically
detected infections per confirmed cases if they reported
seroprevalence in the representative general population
(non-convenience sample) with population data and
confirmed case data available for the same population.
We estimated the pooled infection-to-case ratio with
a random-effect meta-analysis model using inverse
variance weighting.

Variability between studies was determined by the
heterogeneity tests with Higgins” E statistic. We explored

 

the reasons for variations among eligible studies and
examined whether prevalence of SARS-CoV-2-specific
antibodies varied by study location, study quality, level of
exposure, and test performance by multivariable meta-
regression models. For all statistical tests, a two tailed
p value of less than 0-05 was considered statistically
significant. All statistical analyses were done with R
(version 3.6.3), with the meta package to do the meta-
analysis. This study is registered with PROSPERO,
CRD42020198253.

Role ofthe funding source
The funder of the study had no role in study design, data
collection, data analysis, data interpretation, or writing of
the report.

Results

We identified a total of 16 506 studies after systematically
searching multiple data sources, with 8918 identified from
peer-reviewed databases, 7563 ftom preprint severs, and
25 reports from governments or health authorities. After
excluding 5968 duplicates and a further 8015 following
screening of titles and abstracts, 2523 studies reporting
serological evidence of SARS-CoV-2 infections were
assessed for eligibility. 2119 studies were considered
ineligible for inclusion, resulting in a total of 404 studies
involving 5168360 participants included in the meta-
analysis after full-text scrutiny (figure 1). Most studies were
done in the European region (n=194), the region of the
Americas (n=120), and the Western Pacific region (n=44;
figure 1, figure 2; appendix 2 p 218). Among 388 studies
reporting the exact starting sampling date, 18 (5%) were
done after more than 75% of the total cases (in that country,
state, or province) had been reported as of Dec 22, 2020,
most of which (17 of 18, 94%) were done in China
(appendix 2 pp 208-17).

The overall quality of studies was low based on our
grading system, with only 20% (82 of 404) classified as
grade A or grade B studies included in the main analysis
(appendix 2 pp 182-84). Most studies were categorised
as grade C or grade D, including all but two studies
of high-risk health-care workers and close contacts. Of
the 84 general population-based studies, ten were
classified as grade A and 28 were classified as grade B
(appendix 2 p 207).

About two thirds of studies (259 of 404, 64%) described
serological results from convenience samples, while
45 studies (11%) used multistage or stratified random
sampling to select study participants. Most studies
measured IgG antibodies using chemiluminescence

Figure 2:Geographical distribution of SARS-CoV-2 serosurveys by study
populations from Dec1, 2019, to Dec 22, 2020

The colours on the maps indicatethe cumulative incidence of reported cases,
with darker colours representing higher values. Cumulative incidencedata are
reproduced fromthe WHO COVID-19 Dashboard.

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May 2021
Articles

 

 

A Closecontact

Incidence of COVID-19 cases
(per 100000 people)

E 0455

O as6a749

E >1749

DO Dataunaraiable

 
    

 

Seroprevalence (%)
o 0-63

o 64-217

o 218-428

o 429-797
Number of study participants
(O >10000

O 1000-10000

o «1000

po

e

B Healthcare worker

Incidence of COVID-19 cases
(per 100000 people)

D 0455

DD 1564749

EB >1749

TO Dataunaralable

 

Seroprevalence (4)
o 0:14
o 15-47
o 48119
o 120-451
Number of study participants
(O >10000
O 1000-10000
O «1000

C Generalpopulation

Incidence of COVID-19 cases
(per 100000 people)

E 0455

DO 1564749

E >1749

O Dataunaraiable

 

Seroprevalence (96)
o 018

o 19-40

o 41-109

o no-s16

Number of study participants
(O >10000

O 1000-10900

o «1000

D' Poorly defined population

Incidence of COVID-19 cases
(per 100000 people)
O 0355

O 1564749

E >1749

DD Dataunavalable
Seroprevalence (4)
o 012

o 1339

o 40-97

o 98749

Number of study participants

(O >10000
O 1000-1000 -
O «10900

 

NewZealand

 

 

 

 

wwrwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May2021 e602
Articles

 

Figure3: Estimated
seroprevalence by WHO
regions and study
populations

The bar represents the pooled
estimates and the error bars
represent the 95% CL Each dot.
represents the result of one
single study. ND=no data.

e603

 

 

 

A Overall
409
E
Ê
&
Close Highrisk
contacts heslth-care
workers
Numberof 1 1
studies.
C Regionofthe Americas
409
E 37
É
& ao)
No No
od
Close Higherisk
contacts — heslth-care
workers
Numberof o o
studies.
E Evropeanregion
409
g 51
8
3
Close Highrisk
contacts — heslth-care
workers
Numberof 1 o
studies.

G Westem Pacificregion
“o

E»
Ê
E 20
ao
ND
o
Cos High-risk
contacts healthcare
workers
Numberof o 1
studies

 

Low-risk
health-care
workers

12

Low-risk
health-care
workers

5

 

Low-risk
health-care
workers

4

Low-risk
health-care
workers

1

General Poorlydefined
population — population
38 36
D
General Poorlydefined
population — population
13 9
E

 

General — Poorlydefined
population — population
14 ag
General Poorlydefined
population — population
2 4

African region

  

 

 

ND ND ND
Cose  Highrisk  Lowrisk General Pooriydefined
contacts healthcare — health-care — population — population
workers workers
o o o 2 1
Eastern Mediterranean region
ND ND ND
Cose  Highrisk  Lowrisk General Pooriydefined
contacts healthcare — health-care — population — population
workers workers
o o o 3 1
South-East Asia region
ND ND
Close  Highrisk  Lowrisk General Poortydefined
contacts healthcare — health-care population — population
workers workers
o o 2 4 2

 

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May 2021

 
Articles

 

 

 

 

A age B sex C Race
30:
E % o
4 . : a
Bad ds o “o
0-19 20-49 50-64 =65 Female Male White Asian Black
Number of studies 5 5 3 6 21 21 7 6 6

 

 

 

Figure 4: Estimated seroprevalence by age groups, sex, and race

immunoassays (182 of 404, 45%), followed by ELISA,
(162 of 404, 40%), and lateral flow immunoassays
(97 of 404, 24%), with 20% (82 of 404) of studies using
more than one serological assay. Additionally, 42 studies
used a neutralisation assay to detect neutralising
antibodies. Among 323 studies that reported the target
protein for serological assays, 219 (68%) studies used
tests targeting the S protein, and 191 (59%) used tests
targeting the N protein. More than half of the studies
(243 of 404, 60%) reported age-specific or sex-specific
seroprevalence or corrected their findings for age or sex
or both. 60 studies (15%) adjusted for sensitivity and
specificity of the serological assays.

Among 82 grade A and grade B studies, seroprevalence
varied across WHO regions and study populations
(figure 3). Generally, close contacts (18-0%, 95% CI
15.7-20-3) and high-risk health-care workers (17-1%,
9-9-24.4) had a higher seroprevalence than did low-
risk health-care workers (4-2%, 1.5-6-9) and general
populations (8-0%, 6-8-9.2; figure 34, appendix 2
pp 185-87). The seroprevalence of the populations in
studies that did not specify exposure was 4-8% (95% CI
4:0-5.6; figure 34, appendix 2 pp 185-87). Pooled
estimates of seroprevalence in the general population
was highest from four studies done in the South-East
Asia region (19-6%, 95% CI 5-5-33-6, all in India),
followed by two studies done in the African region
(16-3%, 0-0-33.7), Eastern Mediterranean region (three
studies, 134%, 8-8-18.0), region of the Americas
(13 studies, 6-8%, 5-0-8-5), and European region
(14 studies, 4.7%, 3-6-5-9), with the lowest sero-
prevalence in studies done in the Western Pacific region
(two studies, 1-7%, 0:0-5-0; figure 3B-G, appendix 2
pp 185-87). Sensitivity analyses using different
definitions of positivity and accounting for serological
test performance showed no qualitative differences from
the primary results (appendix 2 pp 188-92).

Within grade A and grade B studies of the general
population, seroprevalence of those younger than
20 years was 2-1% (95% CI 0:5-3-6), 5.8% (3.5-8-1)
for those aged 20-49, 5.2% (3.2-7-2) for those aged
50-64, and 2.6% (1-5-3-6) for those aged 65 years and

wrwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May2021

older (figure 44). After further merging the middle two
age groups (20-49 years and 50-64 years), the RR of
seropositivity in the young (<20 years) was approximately
20% lower than that of working age adults (20-64 years;
RR0-77, 95% CI 0-72-0-84; appendix 2 pp 195-96). The
risk of seropositivity in older people (=65 years) was also
lower than for working age adults (RR 0-76,0:59-0-96;
appendix 2 pp 195-96).

The pooled seroprevalence for men (7-0%, 5-7-8-2)
and women (6-6%, 5-3-7.8) was similar, with 52%
(11 0f 21) of sex-specific seroprevalence point estimates
being higher in men than in women (figure 4B).
Similarly, pooling sex-specific relative risks across
studies to adjust for the differences in risk across
settings revealed no significant increase in risk
of seropositivity in men (RR 1:02, 95% CI 0-95-1.09),
with similar estimates across WHO regions (appendix 2
pp 195-96). Furthermore, across the seven studies
that compared different races, Black (RR 2:70,
95% CI 2:30-3.18) and Asian (RR 1:91, 1-82-2.03)
individuals showed a significantly higher risk of
infection than did White individuals (figure 4C,
appendix 2 pp 195-96).

The relationship between reported COVIDAS
incidence (confirmed cases reported from public
sources) and the number of infections identified through
serological surveys can be useful for understanding
the evolution of the pandemic without serological
surveillance in each and every locale. For studies of the
general population, the cumulative reported incidence
of COVID-19 correlated with seroprevalence across
locations (Spearman's rank correlation coefficient, 0.59;
appendix 2 pp 223-24). For studies including individuals
from general populations, the ratio of serologically
detected infections to virologically confirmed cases
varied across locations, with a pooled ratio of 11-1
(95% CI 8-3-14.9), suggesting that for each virologically
confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection, at least ten infections
remained undetected by surveillance systems. This ratio
was similar in the region of the Americas (6.9, 2.7-17.3)
and the European region (8-4, 6-5-10-7), but higher in
the South-Fast Asia region (56-5, 28-5-112.0); although

e604
Articles

 

e6os

 

 

 

 

 

 

infections Cases Ratio (95% CI)
Region ofthe Americas
Brazil (Halaletal 2020)” 4135180 178214 232 (034-233)
USA, California, Marin (Appa etal 2020) n7 “48 48(41-58)
USA, California, Orange (Bruckner tal 2021)” 285955 26120 109 (108411)
USA, Connecticut (Mahajan etal 2020)” 109383 45715 24 (2424)
USA, Georgia, Dekalb and Fulton (Biggs etal 2020)* 45167 =176 142 (1377447)
USA, Idaho, Blaine (Melaughlin et a 2020) 4033 492 82(7590)
USA, Utah, four counties (Samore etal 202073 13235 6x3 21(21-22)
Overall 69(27173)
Heterogencity: ?=1547: $=162832:5, df=6 (p=0);P=100% :
European region :
Denmark, Faroe slands (Petersen etal 2020)" 365 184 8 i 20 (17-24)
Germany, Kreis Heinsberg, Gangelt (Streecket al 2020)5 am «39 [E 40745)
Luxembourg (Snoecketal 202078 9817 3270 Do 30(29-31)
Netherlands (Vos etal 2020)” 410133 «8803 io n8(15-24)
Russia, Saint Petersburg (Barchuketal 20207 229508 14839 io 222(218-226)
Spain (Pollán etal 20207 2137063 200210 B 107 (10.6-10:7)
Switzerland, Geneva (Richard etal 2020)” 31757 sn2 B: 62(5:9-63)
Switzerland, Geneva (Stringhinietal 2020) 3783 439 89(86-92)
UK, England (Office of National Statistics 20207': 2791800 as8o78 177 (17:6178)
UK, England (Ward etal2020)' 2129775 257859 83(8283)
UM Jersey (Governmentof Jersey 2020)'* 3300 245 135(11:8-153)
Overall 84(65107)
Heterogeneity:
South-East Asia Region
India (Murhekar etal 20205 6468388 62808 1030 (10221038)
India (Murhekar etal 2021) 74326463 2975701 250 (249250)
India, Delhi (Sharmaetal 2020)” 7265424 167604 433(431-43:6)

6488182 70878
India, Mumbai (Malanictal 2020) 915(909-922)
Overall 565(28.5412.0)
Heterogencity: ?=0.486;)º=2714714, df=3 (p=0);P=100%
Overall na(83149)
Heterogencity: ?=0.497; É =956089.5, df=21 (p=0); P=100.0%
Testfor overall effect:Z=16.01 (p<0.01)

01020512 5 105

 

 

 

 

 

Figure 5: Estimated ratio of serologically detected infections to confirmed cases of COVID-19
Thesize of boxes representsthe weight for each study. The whisker represents the 95% CI.Values higher than 1 suggest greater under-reporting of infections (due to
bothmild or asymptomatic infections, care-seeking behaviours, and testing practices)

this final estimate is only based on studies done in India
(figure 5).

Discussion

with the increasing availability of serological assays
for SARS-CoV.2, a large body of literature describing
seroprevalence studies in different populations has
emerged. In this study, we examine the quality and
results of 404 reports of seroprevalence studies from
around the globe, both published and in preprint form.
In general, the quality of existing serological studies was
low, involving less rigorous sampling strategies, poorly
validated and non-standardised laboratory methods, and
scarcity of statistical correction for demographics and
test performance in analyses. As expected, we found that
close contacts and high-risk health-care workers had a
higher prevalence of SARS-CoV-2-specific antibodies
than did low-risk health-care workers and the general
population. Young individuals (<20 years) and older
people (=65 years) were less likely to be seropositive than
those aged 20-64 years, and there was no significant
difference in seroprevalence between men and women.

Additionally, we found that the ratios of infections per
confirmed case were similar in the European region and
the region of the Americas on average, but higher in the
South-East Asia region (in which all estimates were from
India).

Representative serosurveys can provide useful snapshots
ofthe infection history of a population. However, very few
studies provided representative estimates for their target
population. An optimal study design for estimating
seroprevalence includes a detailed sampling framework,
rigorous sampling methods (ie, multistage, stratified
sampling), and adjustments for selection bias and assay
performance.

Various detection assays were used for determination
of seropositivity” We found large variations in test
performance, targeted antigens and immunoglobulin
isotypes, and threshold used. Additionally, more than
half of the studies lacked independent validations of the
sensitivity and specificity of the diagnostic kits before
assessment of serosurvey samples to verify their initial
results? Furthermore, few independent validations
were done in the target population of serosurvey, which

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May 2021
Articles

 

might lead to mis-specification of assay performance.”
Notably, although WHO has established a generic
population-based serological study protocol, standardised
guidelines and procedures for laboratory testing are
scarce, which might contribute towards such hetero-
geneity in performance and reporting of results. We
call on national and international governance bodies
to develop standardised antibody testing protocols and
reporting practices and create biobanks of reference
standards (eg, monoclonal antibodies), to reduce
laboratory-to-laboratory variations, thus facilitating the
comparability and interpretability among seroprevalence
studies. Despite the WHO recommendations, the
estimates described by many of the population-based
serosurveys did not adjust for the demographic structure
of the target population,“ nor for the testing performance
(sensitivity and specificity) of the assay, which made the
comparison among studies difficult.

Most of the high-quality serological surveys identified
were done in the region of the Americas and the European
region, predominantly in general populations.»3sastss
The number ofhigh-quality studies of exposed populations
were few, especially for health-care workers and close
contacts, and studies to address this knowledge gap are
needed.” For the other four WHO regions examined,
there was a paucity of high-quality studies across all
populations examined, suggesting that attention should
be paid to optimise the design of future seroepidemio-
logical studies to include good representativeness of
samples, standardised laboratory methods, and reasonable
adjustments. Higher-quality studies provide more accu-
rate measures of disease burden and transmission to
better inform public health efforts against COVID-19.

We found high seroprevalence among high-risk health-
care workers, defined as those who provided routine
medical care to patients with COVID-19, who did not
have access to PPE. On the contrary, low-risk health-care
workers, defined as those wearing adequate PPE or those
who provided care for patients who did not have
COVID-19, had significantly lower seroprevalence than
their high-risk counterparts, indicating the necessity of
proper úse of PPE for frontline health-care workers.
We found a pooled seroprevalence of 8-0% in the general
population, suggesting that globally, the number of
people infected by the end of 2020 was unlikely
to satisfy estimates of what it would take to achieve
antibody-mediated herd immunitys The sero-
prevalence in the general population also varied across
WHO regions, with a higher prevalence of SARS-CoV-2-
specific antibodies in the South-East Asia region (eg,
India, range: 10-8-40-89%)'"S contrasting with a relatively
lower seroprevalence in the Western Pacific region (eg,
China, range: 0-8-3.39%),“ indicating different levels of
community transmission of SARS-CoV-2 in different
locales, potentially due to differences in non-pharma-
ceutical interventions.” Additionally, the very limited
number of high-quality studies in all but two ofthe WHO

wwwthelancet.comjlancetgh Vol9 May2021

regions underlines our incomplete understanding of
SARS-CoV-2 transmission in much of the world"
We also found notable differences in seroprevalence
between age groups, with the seroprevalence increasing
with age among participants younger than 65 years. We
found that the young (<20 years) were less likely to be
seropositive than were individuals aged 20-64 years,
consistent with reports of lower numbers of virally
confirmed cases in children compared with other age
groups.” In some areas, this might have been due to
the effects of lockdowns limiting exposures of school-
aged populations, in contrast to adult-aged essential
workers who had continued community exposure.” The
prevalence of SARS-CoV-2-specific antibodies and the
relative risk of being seropositive among older people
(65 years) was also low, which could be explained by
poorer serological responses after infection,” lower rates
of infection as a result of biological differences or,
perhaps more likely, due to behaviour changes leading to
reduced frequency of infectious contacts.

The seroprevalence is a reflection of the duration and
intensity of community transmission. By use of a
regression analysis, we showed that higher cumulative
incidence of reported cases is associated with higher
seroprevalence. For locations where data on the number
of confirmed cases were available, we found that the
number of infections per confirmed case varied greatly,
although estimates in Europe and the USA were similar
on average. Such evidence indicates the existence of
many undetected cases in the community and provides
a range of scaling factors for translating the observed
confirmed cases into unobserved infections in the
community”

Our study has several limitations. First, although we
did meta-regression and subgroup analysis to explore
heterogeneity of varied seroprevalence for different
populations, there are still some factors that we have not
taken into account, so that some heterogeneity cannot be
well explained quantitatively. Second, misclassification
bias can occur due to the limited information on
exposures for the study populations, especially for the so-
called poorly defined populations. For certain variables
(eg, the use of PPE for health-care workers) for which
data cannot be extracted from the original articles, we
tried to contact the authors, but the response rate was
low. Third, we pooled the estimates of studies at different
stages of the pandemic, which makes interpretation of
the pooled estimates more nuanced. However, we did
summarise the relationship between starting timepoint
and local epidemicto demonstrate temporal distributions
for each included study. Fourth, current seroprevalence
estimates are limited by the lack of knowledge of
the time-varying sensitivities of the immunoassays
used, which might have led to underestimation of
seroprevalence, especially those of asymptomatic or mild
cases. Additional longitudinal studies are needed to
examine the long-term kinetics of antibody responses

e606
Articles

 

For the appendix 2 tables in
Excelformat see httpsgithub.

e607

comzychentfSerological-
evidence

to inform appropriate correction for immunoassay
sensitivity. Finally we have not included studies
examining the use of T-cell responses for estimates of
prevalence. Although there is evidence that SARS-CoV-2-
specific T-cell responses might be detectable in those that
lack antibody response, measuring T-cell responses at a

population level is not feasible

In conclusion, the overall quality of the existing
seroprevalence studies of SARS-CoV-2 is low and
international efforts to standardise study design and
assays are urgently required.” Pooled estimates of
SARS-CoV.2 seroprevalence based on currently available
data show a higher infection risk among close contacts
and health-care workers who did not use PPE, while
the relatively low prevalence of SARS-CoV.2-specific
antibodies among general populations suggests that the
majority of examined populations have not been infected.
Therefore, antibody-mediated herd immunity is probably
far from being reached in most settings, and continuous
serological monitoring is necessary to inform public

health decision making.
Contributors

HY designed and superviscd the study. Xinh C and ZC did the literature

search, set up the database, and did all statistical analyses. Xinh C, ZC,
ASA, and DTL co-drafted the first version of the artide. Xinh C, ZC,
XD, WL, ZZ, XingC, R$, TZ, and NZ helped vith checking data and
constructed the figures. Xinh C, ZC, and HY have verified the
underlying data used in the analysis. DTL, ASA, JY, MA, CV, and HY
“commented on the data and its interpretation and critically revised the
content. All authors contributed to revicw and revision, approved the
final manuscript as submitted, and agree to be accountable for all
aspects of the work. All authors had full access to all the data in the
study and accept responsibility for the decision to submit for
publication.

Dedaration ofinterests

HY reports rescarch funding from Sanofi Pasteur and Shanghai Roche
Pharmaceutical Company. MA reports rescarch funding from Segirus.
DTLand ASA report research funding from the US National Institutes
of Health. None of the research funding is related to COVID-19.

All other authors declare no competing interests.

Data sharing
AM datasets generated and analysed are available in the Article and
appendix 2. Some tables of appendix 2 in Excel format are available at
Github, and are more informative than the PDF supplement provided
with the Article.

Acknowledgments
we thank Qianli Wang, Wei Wang, Qianhui Wu, Yongli Zhang,
Junbo Chen, and Yuxia Liang from the Fudan University (Shanghai,
China). This study was funded by the National Science Fund for

Distinguished Young Scholars (grant number 81525023), Key Emergency

Project of Shanghai Science and Technology Committee (grant number
2041195010), Program of Shanghai Academic) Technology Rescarch
Leader (grant number 18XD1400300), National Science and Technology
Major project of China (grant numbers 2018ZX10713001-007,
20172X10103009-005, 2018ZX10201001-010), and the US National
Institutes of Health (R01 AII35115 to DTLand ASA). The views
expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the
institutions with which the authors are affiliated.

Editorial note: the Lancet Group takes a neutral position with respect to
territorial claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.

References
1 ZhuN, Zhang D, Wang Wetal. A novel coronavirus from patients
with pneumonia in China, 2019. N Engl J Med 2020; 382: 727-33.

 

20

a

2

23

WHO. Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic. 2020.

https:/ /wwve who int/emergencies/discases/novel-coronavirus-2019
(accessed Feb 9, 2021).

Munster V], Koopmans M, van Doremalen N, van Riel D, de Wit E.
A novel coronavirus emerging in China-—key questions for impact
assessment. N Engl J Med 2020; 382: 692-94.

Perez-Sacz ], Lauer SA, Kaiser L, ct al. Serology-informed estimates
of SARS-CoV-2 infection fatality risk in Geneva, Switzerland.
Lancet Infect Dis 2020; published online July 14. https://doi.
org/10.1016 /51473-3099/20)30584-3.

Sughayer MA, Mansour A, Al Nuirat A, Souan L, Ghanem M,

Siag M. Covid-19 seroprevalence rate in healthy blood donors from
a community under strict lockdown measures. medRxiv 2020;
published online June 7, 2020. https://doi.org10.1101/2020.06.06.
20123919 (preprint).

Griffin S. Covid-19: Herd immunity is “unethical and
unachievable,” say experts after report of 5% seroprevalence in
Spain. BMJ 2020; 370: m2728.

Verity R, Okell LC, Dorigatti 1, et al. Estimates of the severity of
coronavirus discase 2019: a model-based analysis. Lancet Infect Dis
2020; 20: 669-77

Bobrovitz N, Arora RK, Yan T, etal. Lessons from a rapid systematic
review of carly SARS-CoV-2 serosurveys. medRxiv 2020; published
online May 14, 2020. https:/ /doi.org/10.1101/2020.05.10.20097451
(preprint).

Arora RK, Joseph A, Van Wyk], etal. SeroTracker: a global
SARS-CoY.2 seroprevalence dashboard. Lancet Infect Dis 2020;
published online Aug 4. https://doi.org/10.1016/
81473-3099(20) 30631-9.

Franceschi VB, Santos AS, Glaeser AB, ct al. Population-based
prevalence surveys during the COVID-19 pandemic: a systematic
review. medRsxiv 2020; published online Oct 22, 2020.
https://doiorg/10.1101/2020.10.20.20216259 (preprint).

Galanis P, Vraka [, Fragkou D, Bilali A, Kaitelidou D.
Seroprevalence of SAR$-CoV-2 antibodies and associated factors in
health care workers: a systematic review and meta-analysis.

J Hosp Infect 2020; 108: 120-34.

Rostami A, Sepidarkish M, Leeflang MMG, etal. SARS-CoV-2
seroprevalence worldwide: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Clin Microbiol Infect 2020; published online Oct 24. https://doi.
org/10.1016 .cmi.2020.10.020.

Moher D, Liberati A, Tetzlaff], Altman DG. Preferred reporting
items for systematic revicws and meta-analyses: the PRISMA
statement. PLoS Med 2009; 6: 1000097.

Horby PW, Iaurie KL, Coviling BJ, et al. CONSISE statement on the
Reporting of Seroepidemiologic Studios for influenza (ROSES-I
statement): an extension ofthe STROBE statement.

Influenza Other Respir Viruses 2017; 11: 2-14,

Sikkema RS, Freidl GS, de Bruin E, Koopmans M. Weighing
serological evidence of human exposure to animal influenza
viruses—a literature review. Euro Surveill 2016; 21: 30388.

WHO. Population-based age-stratified seroepidemiological
investigation protocol for coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) infection.
2020. https: /apps who int iris /rest/bitstreams/1278667/retrieve
(accessed Sept 25, 2020).

Ma H, Zeng W, He H, etal. Serum IgA, IgM, and IgG responses in
COVID-19. Cell Mol Immunol 2020; 17: 773-75.

Gelman A, Carpenter B. Bayesian analysis of tests with unknown
specificity and sensitivity. J R Stat Soc Ser C App! Stat 2020;
69:1269-83.

Rostami A, Sepidarkish M, Leeflang M, etal. First snap-shot meta-
analysis to estimate the prevalence of serum antibodies to
SARS-CoV:2 in humans. medRxiv 2020; published online Sept 2.
https://doiorg/10.1101/2020.08.31.20185017 (proprint)
Clopper CJ, Pearson ES. The use of confidence or fiducial limits
illustrated in the case of the binomial. Biometria 1934; 26: 404-13.
Nevicombe RG. Two-sided confidence intervals for the single
proportion: comparison of seven methods. Stat Med 1998; 17: 857-72.
Borremans B, Gamble A, Prager KC, tal. Quantifjing antibody
kânetics and RNA detection during carly-phase SARS-CoV-2.
infection by time since symptom onset. Life 2020; 9: 060122.
PostN, Eddy D, Huntley €, etal. Antibody response to SARS-CoV-2
infection in humans: a systematic review. PLoS One 2020;

15: 00244126.

 

 

  

 

  

 

 

  

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May 2021
Articles

 

24 Federal Office of Public Health. New coronavirus: situation in
Switzerland. 2020. https:|/wwv:bag-admin.ch/bag /en/home/
krankheiten/ausbrueche-cpidemien-pandemien aktuelle-
ausbrueche-epidemien /novel-cov/situation-schweiz-und-
international html$-1680104524 (accesscd Aug 11, 2020).

25 WorldPop. WorldPop gridded population estimate datasets and
tools. 2020. https:/ [www.worldpop.org /geodata listing?id=79
(accessed Aug 28, 2020).

26 Federal Statistical Office. STAT:TAB - Interactive tables. 2020.
https: wow: prweb. bfs.admin.chy prweb /en/ px:x-0103010000. 101/-/
px-*0103010000. 101.px/>rxid=34873036-d320-4020-b931-
810596e00667 (accessed Sept 25 2020).

27 Hallal PC, Hartvãg FP, Horta BL, etal. SARS-CoV-2 antibody
prevalence in Brazil: results from two successive nationwide
serological houschold surveys. Lancet Glob Health 2020; 8: c1390-98.

28 Appa A, Takahashi S, Rodriguez Barraquer 1, et al. Universal PCR
and antibody testing demonstrate little to no transmission of
SARS-CoV.2 in a rural community. med Rxiv 2020; published online
Aug 17 https://doi org/10.1101/2020.08.15.20175786 (proprint

29. Bruckner TA, Parker DM, Bartell SM, tal. Estimated
seroprevalence of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies among adults in Orange
County, Califomia. Sci Rep 2021; 11: 3081.

30 Mahajan S, Srinivasan R, Redlich CA, etal. Seroprevalence of SARS-
CoW-2-specific IgG antibodies among adults living in Connecticut:

post-infection prevalence (PIP) study. Am J Med 2020; published
nline 06t29. https://doi.org/10.1016/j amjmed.2020.09.024.

31 Biggs HM, Harris JB, Brealwell L, ct al. Estimated community
seroprevalence of SARS-CoW-2 antibodies—two Georgia counties,
April 28-May 3, 2020. MMWR Morb Mortal Wky Rep 2024
69:965-70.

32 McLaughlin C, Doll MK, Morrison KT, etal. High community SARS-
CoW-2 antibody seroprevalence in a ski resort community, Blaine
County, Idaho, US. Preliminary results. medRxiv 2020; published
online July 21. https: //doi.org/10.1101/2020.0719.20157198 (preprint).

33 Samore MH, Looney A, Orleans B, etal. SARS-CoV-2
seroprevalence and detection fraction in Utah urban populations
from a probability-based sample. med Reiv 2020; published online
Oct 27 https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.10.26.20219907 (preprint).

34 Petersen MS, Strom M, Christiansen DH, et al. Seroprevalence of
SARS-CoV-2-specific antibodies, Faroe Islands. Emerg Infect Dis
2020; 26: 2761-63.

35 Streeck H, Schulte B, Kiimmerer BM, et al. Infection fatality rate of
SARS-CoW-2 in a super-spreading event in Germany. Nat Commun
2020; 11: 5829.

36. Snoeck CJ, Vaillant M, Abdelrahman T, et al. Prevalence of
SARS-CoY.2 infection in the Luxembourgish population: the
CON-VINCE study. medRxiv 2020; published online May 18, 2020.
https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.05.11.20092916 (preprint).

37 Vos ERA, den Hartog G, Schepp RM, ctal. Nationwide
seroprevalence of SARS-CoV-2 and identification of risk factors in
the general population of the Netherlands during the first epidemic
wave. J Epidemiol Community Health 2020; published online Nov 28.
https://doi.org/10.1136/jech-2020-215678.

38 Barchuk A, Skougarevskiy D, Titacv K, et al. Seroprevalence of
SARS-CoY.2 antibodies in Saint Petersburg, Russia: a population-
based study. medRxiv 2020; published online Nov 4 https://doi.
01g/10.1101/2020.11.02.20221309 (proprint.

39 Pollán M, Pérez-Gómez B, Pastor-Barriuso R, et al. Prevalence of
SARS-CoV.2 in Spain (ENE-COVID): a nationwide, population-
based serocpidemiological study. Lancet 2020; 396: 53544.

40 Richard A, Wisniak A, Perez-Saez ], ct al. Seroprevalence of anti-
SARS-CoY:2 IgG antibodies, risk factors for infection and
associated symptoms in Geneva, Switzerland: a population-based
study. medRxiv 2020; published online Dec 18. https://doi.
otg/10.1101/2020.12.16.20248180 (preprint).

41 Stringhini S, Wisnialk A, Piumatti G, etal. Seroprevalence of
ami SARS-CoV2 1gG antibodies in Geneva, Switzerland
(SEROCOV-POP); a population-based study. Lancet 2020; 396: 313-19.

42 Office of National Statistics. Coronavirus (COVID-19) infection
survey. 2020. https:/ ferwwons.gov.ulk/fileZuri=/
peoplepopulationandcommunity/healthandsocialcare/
conditionsanddiscases/datasets/coronaviruscovidiSinfection
surveydata/2020/previous/v26 /covidiSinfectionsurveydatasets
20201002.x1sx (accessed Feb 19, 2021).

 

 

 

 

wwwthelancet.comjlancetgh Vol9 May2021

43

45

“7

49

so

s1

s2

53

s4

55

56

s7

s8

s9

so

o

62

s

Ward H, Cooke G, Atchison C, etal. Declining prevalence of
antibody positivity to SARS-CoV-2: a community study of

365,00 adults. medRxiv 2020; published online Oct 27.
https;//doi.org/10.1101/2020.10.26.20219725 (preprint).
Govemment of Jersey. SARS-CoV-2: prevalence of antibodies in
Jersey. Preliminary analysis. 2020. https: /wwvegowjo/
SiteCollection Documents) GovernmentS6 20ands620
administration /R%620Prevalences6200F%20antibodies%620
2020508208]. pdf (accesscd Feb 19, 2021).

Murhekar MV, Bhatnagar T, Searaju , etal. Prevalence of SARS-
CoW-2 infection in India: findings from the national serosurvey,
May-June 2020. Indian J Med Res 2020; 152: 48-60.

Murhekar MV, Bhatnagar T, Selvaraju 8, et al. SARS-CoV-2 antibody
prevalence in India: findings from the second nationvido houschold
serosurvey, August-September 2020. Lancet Glob Health 2021;
9:0257-66.

Sharma N, Sharma P, Basu 5, etal. The seroprevalence and trends
Of SARS-CoV-2 in Delhi, India: a repeated population-based
seroepidemiological study. medRxiv 2020; published online Dec 14.
https://doi org/10.1101/2020.12.13.20248123 (proprint).

Malani A, Shah D, Kang G, etal. Seroprevalence of SARS-CoV-2in
slums versus nor-slums in Mumbai, India. Lancet Glob Health

202
Lisboa Bastos M, Tavaziva G, Abidi SK, etal. Diagnostic accuracy of
serological tests for covid-19: systematic review and meta-analysis.
BMJ 2020; 370: m2516.

Chen Y, Tong X, Wang ], etal. High SARS-CoV2 antibody
prevalence among healtheare workers exposed to COVID-19
patients. J Infect 2020; 81: 420-26.

Payne DC, Smith-Jofftoat SE, Nowak G, ctal. SAR$-CoV-2
infections and serologic responses from a sample of US navy
service members—USS Theodore Roosevelt, April 2020.

MMWR Morb Mortal Whly Rep 2020; 69: 71421.

KaiNWang To K, Chi-Chung Cheng V, Cai [-P, etal. Seroprevalence
of SARS-CoV-2 in Hong Kong and in residents evacuated from
Hubei province, China: a multicohort study. Lancet Microbe 2020;
Kelis.

Yadouleton A, Sander A-L, Moreira-Soto A, etal. Limited specificity
of serologic tests for SARS-CoV-2 antibody detection, Benin. 2021.
https;/jwwwwme.cde.gov/cid/article/27/1/20-3281 article (accessed
Feb 19, 2021).

Gudbjartsson DF, Norddahl GL, Melsted P, et al. Humoral immune
response to SARS-CoV.2 in Iceland. N Engl J Med 2020;

383: 1724-34.

Sood N, Simon P, Ebner P, et al. Seroprevalence of SARS-CoV-2-
specific antibodies among adults in Los Angeles County, Califomia,
on April 10-11, 2020. JAMA 2020; 323: 2425-27.

Rosenberg ES, Tesoriero JM, Rosenthal EM, etal. Cumulative
incidence and diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 infection in New York.
Ann Epidemiol 2020; 48: 23-29.4,

Naranbhai V, Chang CC, Beltran WFG, etal. High seroprevalence
of anti-SARS-CoV.-2 antibodies in Chelsea, Massachusetts.

J Infect Dis 2020; 222: 1955-59.

Bendavid E, Mulaney B, Sood N, etal. COVID-19 antibody
seroprevalence in Santa Clara County, Califomia. medRxiv 2020;
published online April 30. https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.04.14.
20062463 (preprint).

Iversen K, Bundgaard H, Hasselbalch RB, etal. Risk of COVID-19
in health-care workers in Denmark: an observational cohort study.
Lancet Infect Dis 2020; 20: 1401-08.

Moscola ], Sembajwe G, Jarrett M, ct al. Prevalence of SARS-CoV-2
antibodies in health care personnel in the New York City area.
JAMA 2020; 324: 893-95.

Garcia-Basteiro AL, Moncunill G, Tortajada M, ctal.
Seroprevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 among health
care workers in a large S panish reference hospital. Nat Commun
2020; 11: 3500.

Self WH, Tenforde MW, Stubbleficld WE, et al. Seroprevalence of
SARS-CoV-2 among frontline health care personnel in a multistate
hospital network— 3 academic medical centers, April-June 2020.
MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 2020; 69: 1221-26.

Liu M, Cheng SZ, Xu KW, et al. Use of personal protective equipment
against coronavirus disease 2019 by healtheare professionals in
Wuhan, China: cross sectional study. BMJ 2020; 369: m2195.

 

 

 

e6o8
Articles

 

e609

6

9

so

7

Guo L, Ren L, Yang 5, etal. Profiling carly humoral response to
diagnose novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Clin Infect Dis
2020; 71: 778-85.

Wang X, Gao W, Cui S, etal. A population-based seroprevalence
survey of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection
in Beijing, China. medRxiv 2020; published Sept 23. https://doi
o1g/10.1101/2020.09.23.20197756 (proprint.

Ling R, Yu Y He], etal. Seroprevalence and cpidemiological
characteristics ofimmunoglobulin M and G antibodies against SARS-
CoN2 in asymptomatic people in Wuhan, China. medRaiv 202
published online Aug 25. https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.06.16.20132423
(preprint).

Lis, Ruktanonchai NW, Zhou L, et al. Effect of non-pharmaceutical
interventions to contain COVIDAS in China. Nature 2020; 585: 410-13.
Maijiya H, Aliyu-Paiko M, Balogu VT, etal. Seroprevalence of
COVID-19 in Niger State. medRxiv 2020; published online Aug 5.
https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.08.04.20168 112 (proprint).

Stadibauer D, Tan |, Jiang K, et al. Repeated cross-sectional
sero-monitoring of SARS-CoY-2 in New Yorlk City. Nature 2020;
published online Nov 3. https://doi.org/10.1038/541586-020-2912-6.
Dodd RY, Xu M, Stramer SL. Change in donor characteristics and
antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 in donated blood in the US,

June-August 2020. JAMA 2020; 324: 1677-79.

 

 

 

n

2

73

A

7

7%

Uyoga S, Adetifa IMO, Karanja HK, ct al. Seroprevalence of anti-
SARS-CoY:2 IgG antibodies in Kenyan blood donors. Science 2021;
371:79-82.

Gudbjartsson DF, Helgason A, Jonsson H, etal. Spread of
SARS-CoY-2 in the Icelandic population. N Engl J Med 20:
382:2302-15.

Del Fava E, Cimentada ], Perrotta D, et al. The differential impact of
physical distancing strategies on social contacts relevant for the
spread of COVID-i9: evidence from a multi-country survey.
medRsiv 2020; published online Dec 18. https://doi.
org/10.1101/2020.05.15.20102657 (proprint

Zhang], Litvinova M, Liang Y, et al. Changes in contact patterns
shape the dynamics of the COVID-19 outbreak in China. Science
2020; 368: 1481-86.

Pawelec G, Weng NP. Can an effective SARS-CoV:2 vaccine be
developed for the older population? Immun Ageing 2020; 17: 8.
Sekine T, Perez-Potti A, Rivera-Ballesteros O, etal. Robust T cell
immunity in convalescent individuals with asymptomatic or mild
COVID-19. Cell 2020; 183: 158-68.e14.

 

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Vol9 May 2021
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Estimating the early impact of vaccination against COVID-
19 on deaths among elderly people in Brazil: analyses of
routinely-collected data on vaccine coverage and mortality.

Prof Cesar Victora MD”, Prof Marcia C Castro PhD”, Susie Gurzenda MS”, Arnaldo Correia de
Medeiros PhD?, Giovanny França PhD?, Prof Aluisio J D Barros PhD!

1 International Center for Equity in Health, Federal University of Pelotas, Pelotas, RS, Brazil

2 Department of Global Health and Population, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health,
Boston, MA, USA

3 Secretaria de Vigilância em Saúde, Ministério da Saúde, Brasilia, DF, Brazil

Corresponding author: Cesar G Victora, Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Rua Marechal
Deodoro 1160, Pelotas, RS, 96020-220, Brazil. E-mail: cvictora(D gmail.com

1

NOTE: This preprint reports new research that has not been certified by peer review and should not be used to guide clinical practice.
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Abstract

Background

Vaccination against COVID-19 in Brazil started in January 2021, with health workers and the
elderly as the priority groups. We assessed whether there was an impact of vaccinations on
the mortality of elderly individuals in a context of wide transmission of the SARS-CoV-2 gamma
(P.1) variant.

Methods

By May 27, 2021, 147238,414 COVID-19 deaths had been reported to the Brazilian Mortality
Information System. Denominators for mortality rates were calculated by correcting
population estimates for all-cause deaths reported in 2020. Proportionate mortality at ages
70-79 and 80+ years relative to deaths at all ages were calculated for deaths due to COVID-19
and to other causes, as were COVID-19 mortality rate ratios relative to individuals aged 0-69
years. Vaccine coverage data were obtained from the Ministry of Health. All results were
tabulated by epidemiological weeks 1-19, 2021.

Findings

The proportion of all COVID-19 deaths at ages 80+ years was over 25% in weeks 1-6 and
declined rapidly to 12.4% in week 19, whereas proportionate COVID-19 mortality for
individuals aged 70-79 years started to decline by week 15. Trends in proportionate mortality
due to other causes remained stable. Mortality rates were over 13 times higher in the 80+
years age group compared to that of 0-69 year olds up to week 6, and declined to 5.0 times in
week 19. Vaccination coverage (first dose) of 90% was reached by week 9 for individuals aged
80+ years and by week 13 for those aged 70-79 years. Coronavac accounted for 65.4% and
AstraZeneca for 29.8% of all doses administered in weeks 1-4, compared to 36.5% and 53.3%
in weeks 15-19, respectively.

Interpretation

Rapid scaling up of vaccination coverage among elderly Brazilians was associated with
important declines in relative mortality compared to younger individuals, in a setting where
the gamma variant predominates. Had mortality rates among the elderly remained
proportionate to what was observed up to week 6, an estimated additional 43,802 COVID-
related deaths would have been expected up to week 19.
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Introduction

In early 2021, Brazil became the global epicenter of the COVID-19 pandemic” with an average
of over 2,000 daily deaths in recent months.? The gamma or P.1 variant, initially identified in
Manaus in late 2020” has rapidly spread throughout the country.” Although genomic analyses
are infrequent, in April and May 2021 the new variant accounted for three out of every four
samples subjected to viral sequencing.*

Vaccination against COVID-19 was started in late January 2021, with two types of vaccines
being offered: Coronavac (Sinovac, China) and AZD1222 (Oxford-AstraZeneca, UK). Vaccination
has been initially targeted at four priority groups: health workers, the elderly (starting with
those aged 85 years or more, and gradually vaccinating younger age groups), indigenous
populations, and institutionalized individuals. By May 28, 41,478,005 Brazilians had received
the first dose, and 19,604,603 the second dose. *

Vaccination campaigns have been associated with reductions in hospital admissions and
mortality among targeted population groups, in several of the early starting countries. ?º Yet,
there is limited evidence on the efficacy of the two vaccines being delivered in Brazil against
the gamma variant that currently accounts for the majority of cases in the country. Two
observational studies among health care workers in Manaus!” and São Paulo” suggested that
the Coronavac provided partial protection against symptomatic illhess in settings where
gamma accounted for 75% and 47% of all infections, respectively, at the time of the study. Yet,
there is growing concern that high SARS-CoV-2 incidence rates such as those observed in Brazil
in early 2021 will lead to the appearance of new variants of concern as well as increase in the
risk of vaccine escape. 2

To evaluate the real-life effectiveness of the vaccination campaign in Brazil, we analyzed time
trends in mortality due to COVID-19 using a database of over 430,000 registered deaths. We
hypothesized that mortality would fall more rapidly among the elderly, who were the initial
target group of the vaccination campaign, than among younger Brazilians.

Methods

Data on COVID-19 deaths were obtained from the Ministry of Health Mortality Information
System? including deaths reported until May 27, 2021. Coverage of the death registration
system has been estimated at over 95% by 2010. “* As of 2016, the Global Burden of Disease
project assigned four out of five stars for the system's coverage and quality of cause of death
ascertainment,º and by 2019 5.6% of all deaths were coded as due to ill-defined causes
(França GA, unpublished data). We analyzed deaths for which the underlying cause was coded
as B34.2, which included codes UO7.1 (COVID-19, virus identified) and UO7.2 (COVID-19, virus
not identified).º For 84% of 2021 deaths, presence of the virus was confirmed in a laboratory
(preliminary results based on investigation of 163,637 deaths).

Data on COVID-19 vaccination coverage were obtained from a dataset made available by the
Brazilian Ministry of Health.º The data are updated daily and consist of an individual level
dataset including personal information and information on the vaccination (type and dose)
along with whether it is the first or second dose received and the priority group for the person
vaccinated. The data used here were up to May 15, 2021.
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Population estimates for July 1º 2020 by single age and sex were obtained from the Brazilian
Institute for Geography and Statistics (IBGE).”” Due to the excess mortality observed in 2020
and the higher COVID-19 mortality among the elderly,“ the population numbers from IBGE for
2020 are overestimated, particularly at older ages. Since vaccination started in Brazil in early
January 2021, it is imperative to obtain an adjusted estimated population that more closely
reflects the Brazilian population by the end of 2020. We considered the total deaths that were
reported in 2020 (for all causes, as reported in the Mortality Information System), and the
expected deaths as implied in the IBGE estimates. We excluded the additional number of
deaths from the published 2020 estimates and used that adjusted population as the
denominator in our analyses. All adjustments were made by age and sex. All calculations were
donein R (R core team, 2020).

Mortality results were analyzed in two ways. First, we calculated proportionate mortality by
dividing the number of COVID-19 deaths at ages 70-79 and 80+ years by the total number of
COVID-19 deaths at all ages. Our main analyses described mortality by epidemiological week in
2021, which are supported by analyses by month of death during 2020. To investigate whether
age-specific trends in proportionate mortality were specific to COVID-19 deaths, we also
investigated trends due to other causes of death. Second, we calculated COVID-19 age-specific
mortality rates by dividing the numbers of weekly deaths from the Mortality Information

 

System by the estimated population by age group, as described above. Mortality rates at ages
70-79 and 80+ years were then divided by rates for the age range 0-9 years in the same week,
resulting in mortality rate ratios.

Formal statistical tests were not performed as all results are based on the full country
population, rather than samples. Analyses were carried out using Stata version 16 (StataCorp,
College Station, TX, USA). All analyses were based on publicly available, anonymized databases.

Results

From the beginning of the first epidemiological week in 2021 (January 3) to May 27, 238,414
deaths in the Mortality Information System were assigned to COVID-19 and 447,817 to other
causes. Supplementary Table 1 shows the absolute number of COVID-19 deaths for
epidemiological weeks 1-19 of 2021 (January 3 to May 15). There was rapid acceleration in
deaths from week 9 (early March) when the gamma variant became the dominant strain.
Results for weeks 17-19 (April 25 to May 15) are likely affected by registration delay but
remain useful for comparing age-specific proportionate mortality and mortality rate ratios.
Table 1 does not include deaths occurring after epidemiological week 19 (May 16 or later) as
these are more markedly affected by delay than earlier deaths.

Figure 1 shows that proportionate COVID-19 mortality of individuals aged 80+ years fell rapidly
from week 6 onwards, whereas proportionate mortality due to non-COVID causes remained
relatively stable at just under 30%. Up to May 27, an additional 7,733 deaths had been
reported for epidemiological weeks 20 and 21, of which 13.1% were among individuals aged
80+, a finding that is consistent with the levels achieved by week 15. Figure 1 also shows that
proportionate mortality for individuals aged 70-79 years remained at around 25% up to week
15, when it started to decline sharply. For the same age group, proportionate mortality due to
other causes remained stable at just over 20% of deaths at any age.
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Figure 1. Proportionate mortality of individuals aged 70-79 and 80 or more years due to
COVID-19 and all other causes, relative to deaths due to the same causes at all ages by
epidemiological weeks, Brazil, 2021.

35%

30%

SE--secesasscssesas lil 2=="

 
 
       

25%

20% to cm ou a 8 a DD TR

15%
10%
5%

0%
12345678 9/10111213141516 171819

Proportionate mortality (% of all deaths)

Epidemiological weeks

—— COVID 80+y = — — Other 80+y === COVID 70-79 y == — Other 70-79 y

Supplementary Figure 1 shows that proportionate mortality at ages 80+ years fell in all regions
ofthe country. The trend was less marked in the North region (where the Amazon is located)
than in the rest of the country. Supplementary Figure 2 expands the time series by showing
proportionate mortality based on 453,244 COVID-19 deaths that occurred since the beginning
ofthe pandemic in the country. From May 2020 (when the monthly number of deaths
exceeded 15,000) to January 2021, proportionate mortality at ages 80+ remained between
25% and 30%, with a sharp reduction starting in mid-February 2021. Proportionate mortality at
ages 70-79 years remained above 20% until March 2021, with a substantial decline in April-
May. Also showing data for 2020 and 2021, Supplementary Figure 3 demonstrates that the
decline in proportionate mortality was observed for men and women, although proportionate
mortality for women aged 80+ years tended to be higher than for men, likely due to higher life
expectancy of women resulting in fewer deaths in those aged under 80 years.

Figure 2 shows time trends in mortality rate ratios using the age group 0-69 years as the
reference. The mortality rate ratio for persons aged 80+ years fell from over 13.3 in January
and early February to 8.0 in week 19. The decline in the rate ratio for ages 70-79 was more
gradual, from 13.8 in week 1 to 5.0 in week 19. Mortality rate ratios for non-COVID causes
remained stable over time.
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Figure 2. Mortality rate ratios: mortality rates at ages 70-79 and 80+ years divided by
mortality rate at ages 0-69 years by epidemiological weeks, Brazil 2021.

PENIDO
Suns à Sa

 

w

Rate ratio compared to 0-69y

o

123456789 10111213141516171819
Epidemiological weeks

 

COVID 70-79 y

 

coviDso+y
=== Other 70-79y === Other 80+y

Figure 3 shows vaccine coverage for individuals aged 70-79 and 80+ years over time. The
increase in coverage was consistent with prioritization of older population groups, with 50%
coverage reached for individuals aged 80+ years in the first half of February and over 80% by
the second half, stabilizing at around 95% in March. For 70-79-year-olds, 50% coverage was
reached by week 11 and 90% coverage by week 19. Coverage among younger age groups was
largely restricted to priority groups including health workers, indigenous peoples and people
living in institutions. In weeks 1-4, Coronavac accounted for 65.4% of all doses given and
AstraZeneca for 29.8% whereas the corresponding percentages for weeks 15-19 were 36.5%
and 53.3%. Pfizer/BioNTech (Germany) and Serum Institute (India) accounted for the
remaining doses in the recent period.

Figure 3. Covid-19 vaccination coverage (first dose) by age group by epidemiological week,
Brazil, 2021.

100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%

0%

Vaccine coverage (Ist dose)

1234567 8 9101112131415161718192021
Epidemiological weeks

0.69 70-79 — 80+
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

The downturn in proportionate mortality due to COVID-19 started at about the sixth week of
2021. Had the number of deaths among individuals aged 80+ years continued to increase at
the same rate as deaths among people aged 0-69 y, one would expect 70,015 such deaths
during the 13-week period from mid-Feb to mid-May. Yet, 32,624 deaths were reported, or
37,401 fewer than expected under the scenario of similar trends as for the 0-69 years age
group. A similar calculation was performed for deaths among 70-79-year-olds, among whom
proportionate mortality started to decline around week 15. Compared to 13,838 deaths in
weeks 15-19, 20,238 would be expected if mortality behaved similarly to that observed for 0—
69-year-olds. Adding the two estimates, 43,802 deaths may have been avoided by the decline
in mortality among the elderly.

Discussion

We found evidence that, although dissemination of the gamma variant led to increases in
reported COVID-19 death at all ages, the proportion of deaths among the elderly started to fall
rapidly from the second half of February 2021. This proportion had been stable at around 25%-
30% since the beginning of the epidemic in early 2020 but is now below 13% in May 2021.

Estimates of proportionate mortality must be interpreted with caution. We now describe how
we handled potential caveats in these analyses.

First, the absolute number of deaths in the elderly may be reduced due to smaller number of
persons at risk, resulting from high mortality in 2020 due to COVID-19 and other causes. In an
estimated population of approximately 815 thousand Brazilians aged 90+ years in 2020, there
were approximately 144 thousand deaths in the calendar year, of which about 10% were
reported as being caused by COVID-19. To address this potential caveat, our calculations of
mortality rates for 2021 were based on population estimates at the beginning of the year from
which all-cause deaths had already been deducted.

Second, proportionate mortality may be spuriously reduced among the elderly if the gamma
variant of concern disproportionally affected younger individuals, either in terms of infection
rates or of infection-fatality rates. The EPICOVID-19 study has been monitoring prevalence of
antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 through household surveys in nine large cities in the state of
Rio Grande do Sul since April 2020. In early February 2021, antibody prevalence levels were
9.6%, 11.3%, 10.0% and 8.3% for unvaccinated individuals aged 10-19, 20-39, 40-59, and 60+
years, respectively (AJD Barros, personal communication). The state has been strongly affected
by the recent pandemic wave, yet there is no evidence of important age patterns in antibody
prevalence.

Thirdly, our results based on ratios of mortality rates closely mirror the findings from the
proportionate mortality analyses, showing that the rate ratio for individuals aged 80+ relative
to those aged 0-69 years fell from 13.3 in January to 8.0 in April.

Lastly, our analyses of deaths due to causes other than COVID-19 showed that proportionate
mortality and mortality rate ratios for the elderly remained stable over time, thus supporting
the specificity of an impact on COVID-19 deaths.
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Another potential limitation of our analyses is the underreporting of deaths and delays in
reporting. Delays are particularly relevant for estimating mortality rates for recent periods, as
only deaths that reached the system by May 27 were included. However, proportionate
mortality by age groups would only be affected if delays varied systematically with age, which
is unlikely. As discussed in the Introduction, the overall coverage of mortality statistics has
been very high in Brazil for many years, and ill-defined causes represent 5.6% of all deaths. The
mortality database for the present analyses includes approximately 30% more deaths than the
SIVEP-Gripe database on hospital admissions and mortality that has been employed in

previous analyses of COVID-19 deaths in Brazil. 2º

However, there is evidence that the excess mortality during 2020 relative to earlier years was
not fully explained by deaths due to COVID-19. It is likely that some of such deaths were
reported as having been due to other causes or to ill-defined conditions, but it is also possible
that increases in non-COVID-19 deaths were because health services were under stress due to
the large COVID-19 case load. Unless reporting patterns varied by age or calendar time, this
limitation is unlikely to affect the present results particularly in light of the present finding that
age patterns in deaths assigned to non-COVID causes remained stable.

The decline in mortality was observed for both sexes. Proportionate mortality at older ages
was higher among women than for men, which is compatible with higher case-fatality of
younger male adults, possibly related to comorbidities, given that existing serological surveys
do not suggest differences in infection prevalence by sex.”2 The reductions in proportionate
mortality were very similar across four of the five regions of the country. A decline was also
observed in the fifth region (Northern Brazil including the Amazon), but proportionate
mortality was lower at the beginning of the year than in the rest of the country, and the
decline started later than in the rest of the country. The North region has been badly hit by the
first and second waves of the pandemic, and high prevalence, high case-fatality, and the
limited availability of health services in this region? may have led to a larger number of deaths
among young adults. Even before the pandemic, life expectancy at birth in the North region
was the shortest in the country at 72.9 years, compared to 73.9, 78.3, 78.6 and 75.8 in the
Northeast, Southeast, South and Center-West, respectively.”

The most likely explanation for the observed reductions in proportionate mortality and in rate
ratios for the elderly is the rapid increase in vaccination coverage in these age groups, as has
been described for other parts of the world. ”º The increase in vaccine coverage preceded the
decline in mortality, and the decline at ages 80+ years preceded the decline at ages 70-79
years, which is in accordance with the vaccination calendar.

Our results are original in the sense that none of existing population-based mortality studies
were carried out in a setting where the gamma variant is predominant. Recent observational
studies in vaccinated health workers in Manaus and São Paulo“ had already suggested that
Coronavac provided some degree of protection against symptomatic illness in settings where
gamma was prevalent. Coronavac accounted for most vaccinations in the 80+ years age group,
who were immunized in January and February, with AstraZeneca vaccine accounting for the
majority of recent doses. Individuals who received the latter are so far protected by a single
dose given that the second dose is provided 12 weeks after the first, whereas the second dose
of Coronavac has already been administered to a very high proportion of individuals aged 80+
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

years * as doses are given four weeks apart. The health worker study in São Paulo suggested
that the number of cases started to drop after the first Coronavac dose, which is compatible
with our findings. “ This is supported by the results of a recent mass vaccination trial with
Coronavac in the town of Serrana (population 27,000) carried out by Instituto Butantan.
Following high coverage with Coronavac in early 2021, reductions of 86% in admissions and
95% in deaths were observed in the town by the end of May?

We attempted to provide an approximate estimate of lives saved among elderly Brazilians in
the eight-week period since vaccination was accelerated throughout the country. The figure of
over 40 thousand deaths averted is likely an underestimate, because it does not take into
account lives saved among other priority groups for vaccination, such as health workers and
indigenous populations. Also, by using the mortality in ages 0-69 years to predict expected
deaths among those aged 70+ years, we are not accounting for lives saved by the vaccine
among younger age groups — e.g., 60-69-year-olds - for whom coverage also increased, albeit
ata slower rate. Although it is not possible to make strong causal arguments on the basis of
the data available for our analyses, our findings are consistent with the results of efficacy trials
for both vaccines, and with observational studies in high-risk groups of health workers.

The main contribution brought by the present analyses is to provide large-scale supporting
evidence for effectiveness of vaccination in a setting with wide circulation of the gamma
variant. Because compliance with non-pharmaceutical interventions such as social distancing
and mask use is limited in most of the country, rapid scaling up of vaccination remains as the
most promising approach for controlling the pandemic in a country where almost 500,000 lives
have already been lost to COVID-19.

Funding
CGV and AJDB are funded by the Todos Pela Saúde (São Paulo, Brazil) initiative.
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

References
1. Castro MC, KimS, Barberia L, et al. Spatiotemporal pattern of COVID-19 spread in
Brazil. Science 2021.

2. Brasil. Ministério da Saúde. COVID-19 Painel Coronavírus. https://covid.saude.gov.br/
(accessed June 16, 2021).

3. Faria NR, Mellan TA, Whittaker €, et al. Genomics and epidemiology of the P.1 SARS-
CoV-2 lineage in Manaus, Brazil. Science 2021).
4. Fundação Oswaldo Cruz. Fiocruz detecta mutação associada a variantes de

preocupação no país. March 4, 2021 2021. https://portal.fiocruz.br/noticia/fiocruz-detecta-
mutacao-associada-variantes-de-preocupacao-no-pais (accessed June 15, 2021).

5. GISAID. Genomic epidemiology of hCoV-19. 2021). www.gisaid.org (accessed June 15,
2021).

6. Brasil. Ministério da Saúde. Opendatasus. Campanha Nacional de Vacinação contra
Covid-19. https://opendatasus.saude.gov.br/dataset/covid-19-vacinacao (accessed June 15,
2021).

7. Vasileiou E, Simpson CR, Robertson €, et al. Effectiveness of First Dose of COVID-19
Vaccines Against Hospital Admissions in Scotland: National Prospective Cohort Study of 5.4
Million People. SSAN 2021).

8. Israel Ministry of Health. Effectiveness Data of the COVID-19 Vaccine Collected in Israel
until 13.2.2021. https://www.gov.il/en/departments/news/20022021-01 (accessed June 15,
2021).

9. Bernal JL, Andrews N, Gower C, et al. Early effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccination with
BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine and ChAdOx1 adenovirus vector vaccine on symptomatic disease,
hospitalisations and mortality in older adults in England. medRxiv: 2021.03.01.21252652.

10. Hitchings MDT, Ranzani OT, Scaramuzzini Torres MS, et al. Effectiveness of CoronaVac
in the setting of high SARS-CoV-2 P.1 variant transmission in Brazil: A test-negative case-
control study. MedRxiv: 2021.04.07.21255081.

11. de Faria E, Guedes AR, Oliveira MS, et al. Performance of vaccination with CoronaVac
in a cohort of healthcare workers (HCW) - preliminary report. medRxiv: 2021.04.12.21255308.
12. Thompson RN, Hill EM, Gog JR. SARS-CoV-2 incidence and vaccine escape. The Lancet
Infectious diseases 2021: S1473-3099(21)00202-4.

 

13. Brasil. Ministério da Saúde. SIM. Sistema de Informações de Mortalidade.
http://www? datasus.gov.br/DATASUS/index.php?area=060701 (accessed June 15, 2021).
14. Lima EECd, Queiroz BL. Evolution of the deaths registry system in Brazil: associations

with changes in the mortality profile, under-registration of death counts, and ill-defined causes
of death. Cadernos de Saúde Pública 2014; 30: 1721-30.

15. Marinho F, de Azeredo Passos VM, Carvalho Malta D, et al. Burden of disease in Brazil,
199084x2013;2016: a systematic subnational analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study
2016. The Lancet 2018; 392(10149): 760-75.

16. World Health Organization. Emergency use ICD codes for COVID-19 disease outbreak.
https:/Awww.who.int/standards/classifications/classification-of-diseases/emergency-use-icd-
codes-for-covid-19-disease-outbreak (accessed June 15, 2021).

17. Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística. Projeções da População.
https://www.ibge.gov.br/estatisticas/sociais/populacao/9109-projecao-da-
populacao.html?=&t=o-que-e (accessed June 15, 2021).

18. Baqui P, Bica |, Marra V, Ercole A, van der Schaar M. Ethnic and regional variations in
hospital mortality from COVID-19 in Brazil: a cross-sectional observational study. Lancet Glob
Health 2020; 8(8): e1018-e26.

19. Niquini RP, Lana RM, Pacheco AG, et al. Description and comparison of demographic
characteristics and comorbidities in SARI from COVID-19, SARI from influenza, and the Brazilian
general population. Cad Saude Publica 2020; 36(7): e00149420.

10
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

20. Ranzani OT, Bastos LSL, Gelli JGM, et al. Characterisation of the first 250,000 hospital
admissions for COVID-19 in Brazil: a retrospective analysis of nationwide data. Lancet Respir
Med 2021; 9(4): 407-18.

21. Hallal PC, Hartwig FP, Horta BL, et al. SARS-CoV-2 antibody prevalence in Brazil: results
from two successive nationwide serological household surveys. Lancet Glob Health 2020;
8(11): e1390-e8.

22. Hallal PC, et al. Slow spread of SARS-CoV-2 in Southern Brazil over a six-month period:
Report on eight sequential statewide serological surveys including 35,611 participants. Am)
Public Health 2021; (in press).

23. Albuquerque MVd, Viana ALdÁ, Lima LDd, Ferreira MP, Fusaro ER, lozzi FL.
Desigualdades regionais na saúde: mudanças observadas no Brasil de 2000 a 2016. Ciência &
Saúde Coletiva 2017; 22: 1055-64.

24. Brasil. Ministério da Saúde. COVID-19 Vacinação - Distribuição de Vacinas.
https://asprod.saude.gov.br/extensions/DEMAS C19VAC Distr/DEMAS CI9VAC Distr.html
(accessed June 15, 2021).

25. Instituto Butantan. Projeto S: imunização em Serrana faz casos de Covid-19
despencarem 80% e mortes, 95%. https://butantan.gov.br/noticias/projeto-s-imunizacao-em-
serrana-faz-casos-de-covid-19-despencarem-80-e-mortes-95 (accessed June 15, 2021).

 

41
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Supplementary materials

Estimating the early impact of vaccination against COVID-
19 on deaths among elderly people in Brazil:

analyses of routinely-collected data on vaccine coverage
and mortality.

Table and Figure Captions:

Supplementary table 1. Absolute number of deaths due to COVID-19 and to all other
causes by epidemiological week according to age groups. Brazil,2021.

Supplementary figure 1. Proportionate mortality of individuals aged 80+ years due to
COVID-19 relative to deaths at all ages due to COVID-19 by region and epidemiological
week. Brazil, January to April 2021.

Supplementary figure 2. Proportionate mortality due to COVID-19 of individuals aged
70-79 and 80+ years relative to deaths at all ages due to COVID-19 by month. Brazil,
May 2020 to May 2021.

Supplementary figure 3. Sex-specific proportionate mortality due to COVID-19 of
individuals aged 70-79 and 80+ years relative to deaths at all ages due to COVID-19 by
month. Brazil, May 2020 to May 2021.

12
Supplementary table 1. Absolute number of deaths due to COVID-19 and to all other causes by epidemiological week according to age

groups. Brazil,2021.

age (years)
Cause
Week

1

10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19

09

Other

783

734

718

706

713

739

732

757

739

761

766

684

639

641

576

641

551

445

326

coviD

17

14

20

17

13

15

17

21

15

25

19

25

17

19

23

11

11

10-19

Other

386

384

334

383

347

340

338

368

310

322

334

347

324

308

264

283

256

181

149

coviD

1

15

14

10

1

21

22

21

28

31

26

27

19

16

22

17

20

20-29

Other

967
1,046
957
964
1,019
919
913
926
907
935
909
946
866
835
790
746
710
516
381

coviD

52

45

58

es

69

91

134

178

188

238

266

243

202

221

171

122

117

30-39
Other CovID

1,216 164
1,269 193
1192 242
1208 229
1,222 190
1,143 193
1145 247
1151 319
1168 467
1133 663
1223 916
1,205 1,019
1,152 1,029
1,097 960
1101 848

og 719

81º 643

708 565

572 473

4049

Other

1,766
1,922
1,814
1,809
1,827
1,768
1,782
1,778
1,869
1,850
1,879
1,791
1,873
1,777
1,680
1,678
1,361
1,148

934

389
448
450
an
482
489
546
720
975

1,366

1,856

2,223

2,323

2,064

1,823

1,591

1,414

1,217

1,146

50-59

COVID Other

3,079
3,123
3,080
3,051
3,048
2,970
3,009
3,051
3,100
3,181
3,098
3,189
3,023
2,180
2,719
2,645
2,319
1,897

1,567

coviD

757
951
946
959
953
915
991

1,148

1,660

2313

3,178

3,812

3,932

3,718

3,256

2,685

2511

2135

1,836

60-69
Other COVID
4,608 1621
4729 1,668
4612 1,754
4,544 1,714
4715 1,730
4459 1,604
4485 1,670
4,550 2,041
4613 2814
4,683 3,662
4,927 4,945
4,936 5,934
4615 6,147
4399 5,573
4313 480
4077 4,262
3567 3,725
2,800 3,122
2407 2,393

7079
Other coviD
5310 1,880
5,288 1,979
5,220 2,168
5440 2,082
5409 1,876
5,320 1,784
5,203 1,841
5,266 2,228
5,184 2,831
5458 4,054
5,702 5,007
5,640 5,798
5,506 5,879
5041 5,156
4,895 4,387
4,590 3,507
3995 2,654
3,155 1,923
2645 1,367

80-89
Other COVID
5,102 1,433
5,131 1,566
4971 1,612
5031 1,626
5,215 1,537
4970 1421
4,899 1,369
5,009 1,650
5,137 2161
5281 2,586
5396 3,212
5,127 3,384
4865 2,818
4421 2,306
4273 1,809
4,136 1,424
3553 1,188
2963 917
2595 787

90+

Other

2443
2,387
2,332
2447
2,610
2,336
2,335
2436
2,365
2445
2,393
2,389
2,262
2134
1,966
1,983
1,697
1414

1,176

13

coviD

E E E E
g& os RENNER
E essssaIanaa

a
3
teuiôjui 0 ÁB-0D e pur ejgBIIeAB epei siy

876

764.

8
[2
8

539"

470

413

311

278

258

jeuo!

  

op UIdaId AXHDSU!

 

3

d

3
=
a
8

 

E
3
5
s
Ê
8
3
2
E
ê
3
3
Ê
z
5
3
»
E
5
8
5
5
a
8
£
5
3
3
B
8
o
5
2
8
3
8
v
E

| Sun polsod LOISIZA SIUL “7/9 LISZ LZ:/2"b0 LZOZ/LOL LO L/BI

 

8
B
N
3
3
2
s
s
á
3
5
B
ê
9
3
3
õ
B
'B
5

- Aymadiod ui juudeid ou Aejdsgp oy esuoo]
Supplementary figure 1. Proportionate mortality of individuals aged 80+ years due to COVID-19 relative to deaths at all ages due to COVID-
19 by region and epidemiological week. Brazil, January to April 2021.

L/GIO1OD// SÁNU “OP JULIO IA AXE IDSUU

35%

1 189 Áq Pajgiso jOU SEM UoIUM)

 

5
8
|
|

25%
20%
15%

   

10%

Proportionate mortality

5%

0%
1234 5 6 7/8 9/10/11 12 13 14 15 16 17/18
Epidemiological week

-— North —Northeast —Southeast —South —Center-West

le1d eu fejdisIp 01 SSUSOI E AIXEpeuU pejuBJb SEU OU

OU JUBUIÁDOO GUI “LZ0Z “BL SUNP PSISO UOISISA SIUÍ

  

14
Supplementary figure 2. Proportionate mortality due to COVID-19 of individuals aged 70-79 and 80+ years relative to deaths at all ages due
to COVID-19 by month. Brazil, May 2020 to May 2021.

35%

30%

25%

20%

15%

10%

5%

Proportionate mortality (% of all deaths)

0%

 

Mai

Jun

Month

Jul

Ago

——70-79 —80+

Set

2020

Out

Nov

Dez

Jan

Fev

Mar

2021

Abr

Mai

15

loud AXL IDSUU

 

 

O"IOp/ Sd

 

eu J99d Áq pajgtiido joU SEM Yom)

    

UNE SU SI (má

 

un peIsod UOISISA SIUI “/9 LOCZ LZ/Z"b0' LZOZ/LO

YXHPou pojuBJb SEy OUM “Jepuny/

 

  

* GSUSO]] [EUOjeUSju| 0" AB-9O E J9pun ejgejteae apew si

- Aymadiod ui juudeid ou Aejdsp oy esuso]

Jdsud siu]

ISpIou JuBÁdOD SU | “LZ07

 

 
Supplementary figure 3. Sex-specific proportionate mortality due to COVID-19 of individuals aged 70-79 and 80+ years relative to deaths at

Proportionate mortality (% of all deaths)

35%

30%

25%

20%

15%

10%

5%

0%

all ages due to COVID-19 by month. Brazil, May 2020 to May 2021.

     
   

= Cones,

 

  

-=-- Men 70-79 --- Women 70-79 —Men80+ — Women 80+ ——

Mai Jun Jul Ago Set Out Nov Dez Jan Fev Mar Abr Mai
Month 2020 2021

16

* GSUSO]] [EUOjeUSju| 0" AB-9O E J9pun ejgejteae apew si

- Aymadiod ui juudeid ou Aejdsp oy esuso]

loud AXL IDSUU

 

 

O"IOp/ Sd

 
   

eu J99d Áq pajgtiido joU SEM Yom)

 

 

ISpIou JuBÁdOD SU | “LZ07

 

Jdsud siu]

 
medarxiv preprint doi: https :/Gol.org/10.1101/2021.04.0/.21 200167, this version posted June 13, 2021. lhe copyright holder tor this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

  

Blank page

17
   

Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal
ja Bolsista de Produtividade em Pesquisa do CNPq - Nível 1A

Endereço para acessar este CV: http://lattes.cnpa,br/3211152266266081
ID lattes: 3211152266266081
Última atualização do currículo em 15/06/2021

 

Possui graduação em Educação Física (2000), mestrado (2002) e doutorado (2005) em Epidemiologia pela
Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Realizou estágio pós-doutoral no Instituto de Saúde da Criança da Universidade
de Londres. Atuou como Reitor da UFPel entre 2017 e 2020. É docente associado da Universidade Federal de
Pelotas no curso de graduação em Educação Física e nos programas de pós-graduação em Educação Física e
Epidemiologia. Coordena o EPICOVID-19, o maior estudo epidemiológico sobre coronavírus no Brasil. É um dos
coordenadores da Coorte de 2015 de Pelotas e do Observatório Global de Atividade Física. É um dos sócios
fundadores e ex-presidente da Sociedade Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde. Foi membro afiliado da
Academia Brasileira de Ciências entre 2008 e 2013. É bolsista de produtividade 1A do CNPq. É Editor-Chefe do
Journal of Physical Activity and Health. (Texto informado pelo autor)

 

 

Identificação

Nome Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal=a+

Nome em citações bibliográficas HALLAL, P. C.;Hallal, Pedro Curi; Hallal, Pedro C.;HALLAL, PEDRO C; Curi Hallal,
P;COHORTS Investigators;HALLAL, PEDRO; Hallal, Pedro Cury; Lancet Physical Activity
Series 2 Executive Committee; HALLAL, PEDRO R C;Pedro C. Hallal;HALLAL, PEDRO
RODRIGUES CURI

Lattes iD 9 http://lattes.cnpq.br/3211152266266081

Endereço

Endereço Profissional Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Programa de Pós-graduação em Epidemiologia.
Rua Marechal Deodoro 1160 - III piso
Centro

96020220 - Pelotas, RS - Brasil

Telefone: (53) 32841300

Fax: (53) 5332841300

URL da Homepage: http://epidemio-ufpel.org.br

Formação acadêmica/titulação

 

2003 - 2005 Doutorado em Epidemiologia.
Universidade Federal de Pelotas, UFPEL, Brasil.
Título: Padrões de atividade física em adolescentes de 10-12 anos de idade: determinantes
precoces e contemporâneos, Ano de obtenção: 2005.

Orientador: g Cesar Gomes Victora.
Bolsista do(a): Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior, CAPES,
Brasil.

2000 - 2002 Mestrado em Epidemiologia.
Universidade Federal de Pelotas, UFPEL, Brasil.
Título: Prevalência e fatores associados à prática de atividades físicas em adultos de
Pelotas, RS,Ano de Obtenção: 2002.
Orientador: Cesar Gomes Victora.
Bolsista do(a): Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior, CAPES,
Brasil.
Palavras-chave: Atividade Fisica; epidemiologia; Estudos Transversais; Prevalência;
Determinantes; Exercício.
Grande área: Ciências da Saúde
Grande Área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Educação Física / Subárea: Epidemiologia /
Especialidade: Treinamento Desportivo.
Grande Área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Medicina / Subárea: Epidemiologia /
Especialidade: Epidemiologia.
Setores de atividade: Cuidado À Saúde das Populações Humanas; Educação Superior;
Nutrição e Alimentação.

1996 - 2000
Graduação em Educação Fisica.

Universidade Federal de Pelotas, UFPEL, Brasil.

Título: A Prática de Ensino nos Cursos de Educação Física.
Orientador: Rogério Costa Wurdig.

1993 - 1995 Ensino Médio (2º grau).
Colégio La Salle Gonzaga, CG, Brasil.
1986 - 1992 Ensino Fundamental (1º grau).

Colégio La Salle Gonzaga, CG, Brasil.

Pós-doutorado

 

2009 - 2010 Pós-Doutorado.
University College of London, UCL, Inglaterra.
Bolsista do(a): Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico, CNPq,
Brasil.
Grande área: Ciências da Saúde
Grande Área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Saúde Coletiva / Subárea: Saúde Pública /
Especialidade: Saúde Pública.
Grande Área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Educação Física.

 

Formação Complementar

 

1992 - 1995 Advanced Course. (Carga horária: 180h).
Centro de Cultura Anglo Americana, CCAA, Brasil.
1988 - 1991 Graduation. (Carga horária: 240h).

Pink And Blue English Course, PB, Brasil.

Atuação Profissional

 

Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior, CAPES, Brasil.

ínculo institucional
2013 - Atual Vínculo: Servidor Público, Enquadramento Funcional: Membro da comissão de avaliação
CAPES, área 2

 

Vínculo institucional
2013 - Atual Vínculo: , Enquadramento Funcional: Membro da comissão de bolsas de Periódicos

Sociedade Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, SBAFS, Brasil.

Vínculo institucional
2012 - 2013 Vínculo: Colaborador, Enquadramento Funcional: Presidente

Universidade Federal de Pelotas, UFPEL, Brasil.

Vínculo institucional
2005 - Atual Vínculo: , Enquadramento Funcional: Professor Associado, Carga horária: 40, Regime:
Dedicação exclusiva.
Atividades
03/2014 - Atual Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Conselho Universitário.
Cargo ou função
Representante dos Professores associados no CONSUN.
5/2013 - Atual Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Centro de Pesquisas Epidemiológicas.
Cargo ou função
Coordenador Adjunto do curso de Pós Graduação em Epidemiologia em nível de mestrado
e doutorado.
2013 - Atual Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Conselho Universitário.
Cargo ou função
Membro do Conselho Universitário da UFPel.
03/2007 - Atual Ensino, Doutorado em Epidemiologia, Nível: Pós-Graduação
Disciplinas ministradas
Seminários de Ciclo Vital 1
Seminários de Ciclo Vital II
Seminários de Ciclo Vital II
03/2007 - Atual Ensino, Mestrado em Epidemiologia, Nível: Pós-Graduação
Disciplinas ministradas
Epidemiologia 1
Epidemiologia II
07/2006 - Atual

07/2006 - Atual

1/2006 - Atual

03/2000 - Atual

11/2012-12/2013

2011 - 2012

01/2008 - 11/2011

01/2000 - 12/2000

03/1999 - 12/1999

01/1998 - 12/1999

Ministério da Saúde, MS, Brasil.

ínculo institucional
2003 - Atual

 

Atividades
6/2003 - Atual

Epidemiologia III

Ofiana de Redação e Artigos

Métodos Avançados de Pesquisa em Atividade Física

Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Escola Superior de Educação Física.
Cargo ou função

Comissão de Pós Graduação da ESEF/UFPel.

Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Escola Superior de Educação Física.
Cargo ou função

Comissão de Currículo da ESEF/UFPel.

Ensino, Educação Física, Nível: Graduação

Disciplinas ministradas

Futebol

Atividade Física

Biomecânica

Biometria

Ginástica 3

Primeiros socorros

Pesquisa e desenvolvimento, Centro de Pesquisas Epidemiológicas.
Linhas de pesquisa

Educação física, qualidade de vida e saúde

Saúde coletiva

Epidemiologia

Epidemiologia da atividade física

Atividade física e saúde

Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Conselho Universitário.

Cargo ou função

representante dos professores adjuntos no Conselho Universitário.
Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Unidades e Cursos de Graduação.
Cargo ou função

Membro da Comissão de Bolsas de Iniciação Científica.

Extensão universitária , Escola Superior de Educação Física.

Atividade de extensão realizada

Editor-chefe da Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde.
Pesquisa e desenvolvimento, Bolsista de iniciação científica da Fundação de Amparo à
Pesquisa do Estado.

Linhas de pesquisa

Educação Física

Serviços técnicos especializados , Escola Superior de Educação Física.
Serviço realizado

Monitor da disciplina de Metodologia da Pesquisa.

Pesquisa e desenvolvimento, Bolsista de iniciação científica da Fundação de Amparo à
Pesquisa do Estado.

Linhas de pesquisa

Educação Física

Vínculo: Consultor, Enquadramento Funcional: Consultor - Não remunerado, Carga horária:
0

Conselhos, Comissões e Consultoria, Secretaria de Vigilância Em Saúde.
Cargo ou função
Membro de grupo técnico.

Performance Academia de Ginástica, PERFORMANCE, Brasil.

Vínculo institucional
1999 - 2001
Atividades

7/1999 - 4/2001

7/1999 - 4/2001

Linhas de pesquisa

Vínculo: Outro, Enquadramento Funcional: , Carga horária: 60

Direção e administração, Direção, Academia de Ginástica.

Cargo ou função

Sócio-proprietário.

Serviços técnicos especializados , Academia de Ginástica, Musculação.
Serviço realizado

Professor de musculação.

 

1.

Educação física, qualidade de vida e saúde
Objetivo: Esta linha estuda as inter-relações entre educação física, saúde e qualidade de
vida
Projetos de pesquisa

Saúde coletiva

Objetivo: Estudar a repercussões das mudanças ocorridas na sociedade, em especial as
transições demográfica, epidemiológica e nutricional, sobre a saúde das populações...
Epidemiologia

Objetivo: Estudar a frequência e a distribuição do processo saúde-doença em populações
humanas..

Epidemiologia da atividade física

Objetivo: Estudar inatividade física, sua causas e consequências, a partir de abordagens
epidemiológicas de pesquisa. Inclui o estudo de intervenções na área de epidemiologia da
atividade física..

Atividade física e saúde

Objetivo: Estudar as relações entre atividade física e saúde, incluindo o efeito em curto e
longo prazo da prática regular de atividade física para a saúde.

Educação Física

Educação Física

 

2020 - Atual

2016 - Atual

2014 - 2017

Recomendações brasileiras de atividade física

Descrição: A inatividade física causa 5,3 milhões de mortes por ano no mundo; 28% da
população adulta brasileira não atingem as recomendações de atividade física da
Organização Mundial da Saúde. O objetivo deste projeto é elaborar as recomendações
brasileiras de atividade física. A criação dessas recomendações envolverá : (a) consulta à
literatura; (b) discussão com especialistas e comunidade; (c) consulta pública; (d)
confecção de relatório; (e) produção de peças para disseminação; (f) desenvolvimento de
aplicativo para disseminação das recomendações para a população em geral.

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Fernando Vinholes Siqueira -
Integrante / Alex A Florindo - Integrante / Mauro Virgílio Gomes de Barros - Integrante /
Rafael Miranda Tassitano - Integrante / José Cazuza de Faria Jr. - Integrante / Tânia
Rosane Bertoldo Benedetti - Integrante / Virgílio Viana Ramires - Integrante / Kelly Samara
da Silva - Integrante / Paulo Sergio Chagas Gomes - Integrante / Grégore I Mielke -
Integrante / Daniel Umpierre de Moraes - Integrante / Stephanie Santana Pinto -
Integrante / Giovana Zarpellon Mazo - Integrante / Christianne de Faria Coelho Ravagnani
- Integrante / Edilson Serpeloni Cyrino - Integrante / FABRICIO C P RAVAGNANI -
Integrante / Marília Cecília Marinho Tenório - Integrante / Leandro Garcia - Integrante /
Roseanne Gomes Autran - Integrante / Douglas Roque Andrade - Integrante / Fabiana
Vieira Santos Azevedo - Integrante / Sofia Wolker Manta - Integrante / Paula Fabricio
Sandreschi - Integrante / Luisete Moraes Bandeira - Integrante / Lorena Lima Magalhães -
Integrante / Raphael Mendes Ritti Dias - Integrante / Samuel de Carvalho Dumith -
Integrante / Anastácio Neco de Souza Filho - Integrante / Carla Menêses Hardman -
Integrante / Clarice Maria de Lucena Martins - Integrante / Daniel da Rocha Queiroz -
Integrante / Larissa Rosa da Silva - Integrante / Paulo Henrique de Araújo Guerra -
Integrante / Rildo de Souza Wanderley Junior - Integrante / Alcides Prazeres Filho -
Integrante / Felipe Vogt Cureau - Integrante / Júlio Brugnara Mello - Integrante / Michael
Pereira da Silva - Integrante / Thiago Sousa Matias - Integrante / Wendell Arthur Lopes -
Integrante / Atila Alexandre Trapé - Integrante / Breno Quintella Farah - Integrante /
Daniel Rogério Petreça - Integrante / Emmanuelly Correia de Lemos - Integrante / Fabio
Fortunato Brasil de Carvalho - Integrante / Marcos Gonçalves Maciel - Integrante / Antonio
Henrique Germano Soares - Integrante / Daniela Lopes dos Santos - Integrante / Joilson
Meneguci - Integrante / Leandro dos Santos - Integrante / Marilia de Almeida Correia -
Integrante / Thiago Silva Piola - Integrante / Alexsandra da Silva Bandeira - Integrante /
Edina Maria de Camargo - Integrante / Priscila Cristina dos Santos - Integrante / Valter
Cordeiro Barbosa Filho - Integrante / Victor José Machado de Oliveira - Integrante / Camila
Tomicki - Integrante / Cíntia Ehlers Botton - Integrante / Grasiely Faccin Borges -
Integrante / Leony Morgana Galliano - Integrante / Thaynã Alves Bezerra - Integrante /
Cezar Grontowski Ribeiro - Integrante / Diego Giulliano Destro Christofaro - Integrante /
Diego Orcioli da Silva - Integrante / Ewertton de Souza Bezerra - Integrante / Jeffer Eidi
Sasaki - Integrante / Camila Bosquiero Papini - Integrante / Fernando Lopes e Silva-Júnior
- Integrante / Gerfeson Mendonça - Integrante / Inês Amanda Streit - Integrante / Lucélia
Justino Borges - Integrante / Maria Angélica Binotto - Integrante.

Worldwide research, surveillance and policy on physical activity: The Global Observatory
for physical activity ? GoPA!

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Michael Pratt - Integrante /
Andrea Ramirez - Integrante.

Efeitos do exercício físico durante a gestação sobre a saúde materno infantil: Um ensaio
clínico randomizado

Projeto certificado pelo(a) coordenador(a) Marlos Rodrigues Domingues em 31/03/2015.
2014 - Atual

2012 - 2016

2011 - 2019

2011 - 2018

2011 - 2013

Descrição: Estudo experimental do tipo ensaio clinico randomizado aninhado a um estudo
de coorte, a Coorte de Nascimentos de 2015. Terá início durante a gestação a fim de
avaliar com detalhes as condições pré-natais maternas, buscando uma melhor
compreensão das relações entre exposições intrauterinas e do início da vida e seu impado
em desfechos de saúde em longo prazo. Participarão do estudo gestantes com pelo menos
12 semanas de gestação, residentes na cidade de Pelotas e no bairro Jardim América
(Capão do Leão), com parto previsto para o ano de 2015 e pertencentes ao estudo de
Coorte de Nascimentos de 2015.

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Doutorado: (2) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Marlos Rodrigues Domingues -
Coordenador.

Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas de 2015: a influência dos determinantes precoces nos
desfechos em saúde ao longo do cido vital.

Descrição: A Coorte de Nascimentos de 2015 terá início durante a gestação a fim de
avaliar com detalhes as condições pré-natais maternas, buscando uma melhor
compreensão das relações entre exposições intrauterinas e do início da vida e seu impado
em desfechos de saúde em longo prazo..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Mariângela Silveira - Integrante /
Marlos Rodrigues Domingues - Integrante / Fernando C Wehrmeister - Integrante / Andrea
Homsi Dâmaso - Coordenador / Diego Bassani - Integrante.

Prática de Atividade Física na Gestação, Saúde Materna e do Recém Nascido

Descrição: O estudo tem por objetivo avaliar a influência da prática de atividade física na
gestação sobre a saúde materna e do recém nascido, utilizando uma abordagem de ciclo
vital, através da mensuração do nível de atividade física, por meio de acelerometria e
questionário, em gestantes da cidade de Pelotas, RS..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Doutorado: (2) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Marlos R Domingues - Integrante
/ Carolina Nunes Coll - Integrante.

Newton International Fellowship Alumni Program

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Uso de uma abordagem de ciclo vital para compreender os níveis, tendências,
determinantes e consegiências da atividade física e guiar intervenções e políticas na
esfera global

Descrição: A questão genérica de pesquisa é como podemos tornar as pessoas mais ativas
e quais benefícios elas obtêm se adotarem esse comportamento ativo? Será utilizada uma
abordagem de ciclo vital para entender os níveis de atividade física (AF), tendências
temporais, seus determinantes e consequências a fim de subsidiar intervenções e políticas
para uma ação global. O componente-chave do plano de trabalho é conduzir pesquisas
longitudinais de alta qualidade usando delineamentos longitudinais, mas ele também
envolve o monitoramento e avaliação dos níveis de AF e intervenções, assim como na
advocacia para promoção da AF..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (15) / Especialização: (0) / Mestrado acadêmico: (6) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (4) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Jonathan CK Wells - Integrante /
Mario Renato Azevedo - Integrante / Felipe Fossati Reichert - Integrante / Cesar G Victora
- Integrante / Fernando V Siqueira - Integrante / UIf Ekelund - Integrante.
Financiador(es): Wellcome Trust - Auxílio financeiro.

Academia da Saúde

Descrição: O estudo iniciará com a avaliação de efetividade (impacto) do programa no
Estado de Pernambuco, que iniciou em 2009 e concomitantemente avaliará a
implementação do Academia da Saúde no pais, já que o mesmo foi lançado nacionalmente
em 2011. A avaliação da implementação do Programa Academia da Saúde no Brasil
permitirá identificar e analisar os componentes e as estruturas da gestão pública relativas
à governança e implementação de programas de promoção da saúde, determinantes no
processo de desenvolvimento local dos mesmos, bem como sua capacidade de inserção e
alcance, de forma a complementar os achados relacionados ao impacto de programas de
atividade física na população beneficiada. .

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Cesar Gomes Victora - Integrante
/ Alex A Florindo - Integrante / Fernando V Siqueira - Integrante / Michael Pratt -
Integrante / Alexandre Palma de Oliveira - Integrante / Parra Perez D - Integrante /
2009 - 2013

2009 - 2012

2008 - 2010

2008 - 2010

2008 - 2010

2008 - 2010

Danielle Keylla Alencar de Cruz - Integrante / Deborah Carvalho Malta - Integrante /
Rodrigo Siqueira Reis - Integrante / Ross Brownson - Integrante / Adriano Akira F Hino -
Integrante / Antônio CC Oliveira - Integrante / José Cazuza de Farias Junior - Integrante /
Eduardo J Simoes - Integrante / José Luís Araújo Júnior - Integrante / Julia Aparecida
Devidé Nogueira - Integrante / Maria Imaculada de Fátima Freitas - Integrante / Monique
Ribeiro de Assis - Integrante / Waleska Caiaffa - Integrante.

Financiador(es): Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico - Auxílio
financeiro.

Influência de exposições precoces sobre a composição corporal, o capital humano, a saúde
mental e os precursores de doenças crônicas complexas em três coortes brasileiras (1982,
1993 e 2004)

Descrição: O presente estudo compreende o acompanhamento das coortes de 1982, 1993
e 2004 na cidade de Pelotas, RS. Os objetivos deste estudo incluem investigar a influência
de determinantes precoces sobre a saúde de crianças, adolescentes e adultos. Os
principais desfechos incluem nutrição, composição corporal, saúde mental, capital humanol
e precursores de doenças complexas..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (10) / Mestrado acadêmico: (5) / Doutorado: (8) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Denise Petrucci Gigante -
Integrante / Aluísio J D Barros - Integrante / Ana Menezes - Integrante / Fernando C
Barros - Integrante / Iná Silva dos Santos - Integrante / Alícia Matijacevich - Integrante /
Cora L Araújo - Integrante / Helen Gonçalves - Integrante / Cesar G Victora - Coordenador
| Bernardo L Horta - Integrante.

Financiador(es): Wellcome Trust - Auxílio financeiro.

Efeito da atividade física na progressão da doença renal crônica: um estudo de intervenção
Descrição: O objetivo do presente estudo é avaliar o efeito da atividade física na
progressão da Doença Renal Crônica por meio de um estudo de intervenção. Para tal,
serão recrutados pacientes renais em estágios III e IV da doença.

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (1) / Doutorado: (1) .

 

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Airton José Rombaldi -
Integrante.

Atividade física, excesso de peso, ambiente percebido e construído: estudo populacional
utilizando metodologia padronizada internacionalmente

Descrição: O objetivo central é analisar a associação entre variáveis individuais, sociais e
ambientais com a prevalência de atividade física de lazer, de transporte e o excesso de
peso dos residentes no em torno de parques e praças da cidade de Curitiba/PR. Este
projeto permitirá obter informações preciosas em termos de associações entre fatores
genéticos e de natureza micro e macro ambientais e o seu efeito sobre a prática de
atividade física e o excesso de peso. Tal conhecimento será de grande utilidade para a
promoção de programas populadonais em termos de atividade física e saúde..
Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Mestrado acadêmico: (3) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Rodrigo Siqueira Reis -
Integrante.

Financiador(es): Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico - Auxílio
financeiro.

Intensidade e duração de esforços físicos em aulas de Educação Física curriculares
Descrição: A escola, em especial as aulas de Educação Física (EF) encontram-se em
posição privilegiada para promoção da saúde entre crianças e adolescentes. Entretanto,
pouco se conhece sobre os programas de EF no Brasil. O objetivo do estudo foi determinar
a intensidade e duração dos esforços físicos nas aulas de EF no ensino fundamental e
médio.

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Felipe F Reichert - Integrante /
Marina M Kremer - Integrante.

Atividade física nas empresas da indústria de Pelotas, RS: um estudo descritivo das
práticas, oportunidades e incentivos dados aos trabalhadores

Descrição: O estudo tem por finalidade realizar um mapeamento das empresas da
indústria do município de Pelotas, RS, quanto ao oferecimento, facilitação ou incentivo à
prática de atividades físicas, não ocupacionais, proporcionados aos seus trabalhadores.
Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Virgílio V Ramires - Integrante.
Estudo das internações hospitalares por condições sensíveis à atenção primária em Lages
(SC), Brasil

Descrição: O estudo tem por objetivo calcular a incidência de internações hospitalares por
Condições Sensíveis à Atenção Primária (CSAP) no SUS, no município de Lages (SC), no
2008 - 2009

2007 - 2011

2007 - 2010

2007 - 2009

2007 - 2009

2007 - 2009

periodo de 1998 a 2007.
Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Fúlvio Borges Nedel - Integrante
| Marici Souza Jeremias - Integrante.

The Cohorts projed (Consortium of Health Outcome Research in Transitional Sodeties)
Pelotas, Guatemala, South Africa and Philippinis

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Nível de atividade física e fatores associados em adolescentes escolares do ensino médio
da cidade de João Pessoa, PB: uma abordagem ecológica

Descrição: Este estudo analisará as possíveis relações nos níveis de atividade física com
variáveis do sujeito e do ambiente físico e social, mediante uma abordagem ecológica em
adolescentes escolares do ensino médio no município de João Pessoa-PB..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Doutorado: (1) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Adair da Silva Lopes - Coordenador.
Estudo quail-quantitativo de avaliação do Programa CuritibAtiva

Descrição: Este projeto envolve universidades brasileiras e norte-americanas, o Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (Estados Unidos) e o Ministério da Saúde. Foram utilizadas
diversas opções metodológicas, dentre estudos quantitativos (inquérito populacional e
outros), estudos qualitativos, envolvendo entrevistas com usuários e profissionais,
avaliação qualitativa histórica. O objetivo central é avaliar a efetividade das intervenções
para promoção da atividade física (AF) realizadas pelos programas oferecidos pela
prefeitura municipal de Curitiba (PMC)..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Mestrado acadêmico: (3) Doutorado: (3) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Yara Maria Carvalho - Integrante
/ Deborah Carvalho Malta - Integrante / Rodrigo Siqueira Reis - Integrante.
Financiador(es): Núcleo Estadual do Ministério da Saúde no Rio Grande do Sul - Auxílio
financeiro.

Condições de saúde da população adulta do muniápio de Florianópolis, Santa Catarina:
estudo de base populacional, 2008

Descrição: O estudo busca descrever, utilizando uma metodologia epidemiológica, as
condições de saúde da população adulta do município de Florianópolis, capital do estado
de Santa Catarina. O estudo utilizará delineamento transversal de base populacional, com
processo amostral em múltiplos estágios. Entre as condições de saúde estudadas, está o
nível de atividade física, que será aferido pela primeira vez em um estudo domiciliar de
base populacional em adultos de Florianópolis. O objetivo geral é estimar a prevalência de
auto-avaliação negativa auto-referida em adultos de 20 a 59 anos de idade da cidade de
Florianópolis ? SC e sua associação com variáveis sodoeconômicas, demográficas e de
saúde..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Marco Aurélio Peres - Coordenador
| Karen Peres - Integrante.

Financiador(es): Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico - Auxílio
financeiro.

Estudo populacional sobre a saúde da população pelotense: 2007

Descrição: O presente estudo tem por objetivo analisar o conhecimento populacional sobre
os malefícios do sedentarismo, alimentação inadequada, consumo abusivo de álcool e
tabagismo a relação entre tais fatores e o conhecimento sobre diabetes tipo 2 e
hipertensão arterial. Para isso foi realizado um estudo transversal de base populacional na
zona urbana da cidade de Pelotas-RS no final do ano de 2007. Tal estudo fez parte de um
consórcio de ánco pesquisas, as quais avaliaram vários aspectos num único trabalho de
campo,.

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Mestrado acadêmico: (5) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Airton José Rombaldi -
Integrante / Marilda Borges Neutzling - Integrante / Marcelo Cozzensa da Sllva -
Integrante / Volmar Geraldo da Silva Nunes - Integrante.

Estudo quali-quantitatitvo de avaliação do Programa Academia da Cidade, Aracaju
Descrição: O objetivo do estudo foi avaliar as intervenções para promoção de atividade
física (AF) ofertadas pela prefeitura municipal de Curitiba, Paraná (PMC). Para tal, realizou-
se um inquérito domiciliar com 120 adultos igualmente distribuídos entre os sexos, e
residentes próximos a Centros de Esporte e Lazer (CEL) da cidade..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.
2007 - 2008

2007 - 2008

2007 - 2008

2007 - Atual

2006 - 2010

2006 - 2010

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Estudo de validação da versão longa do Questionário Internacional de Atividade Física
Descrição: O estudo busca comparar os dados de atividade física obtidos com o
Questionário Internadonal de Atividade Física (IPAQ), versão longa com os dados obtidos
por meio de acelerômetros. Além disso, objetiva comparar separadamente os escores de
cada domínio do IPAQ longo (lazer, deslocamento, trabalho e serviços domésticos) com os
dados do acelerômetro. Um outro objetivo é verificar a repetibilidade do questionário
IPAQ, por meio de comparação de duas aplicações com cinco dias de intervalo. Por fim, o
estudo ainda compara os indicadores de validade do IPAQ aplicado por entrevista
domicilar com os obtidos por entrevista telefônica..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (8) / Especialização: (1) / Mestrado acadêmico: (2) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (1) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Financiador(es): Centers for Disease Control and Prevention - Auxílio financeiro.
Comparação da atividade física em adultos de Pelotas-RS por um período de cinco anos
Descrição: O projeto visa avaliar as tendências temporais de sedentarismo no município de
Pelotas, por meio de comparação de dados coletados em 2007 com informações coletadas
em 2002. O estudo investigará se houve diminuição, aumento ou estabilização nos níveis
de atividade física em adultos da cidade no período. Um objetivo específico é avaliar se os
fatores associados ao sedentarismo atualmente são os mesmos observados cinco anos
atrás..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (2) / Especialização: (0) / Mestrado acadêmico: (1) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (0) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Incapacidade funcional em idosos: estudo de base populacional em uma cidade do sul do
Brasil

Descrição: O projeto objetiva avaliar a prevalência de incapacidade funcional em uma
amostra populacional de idosos residentes na cidade de Pelotas, RS. A avaliação de
incapacidade funcional induirá a capacidade para realização das atividades da vida diária
(AVDs) e atividades instrumentais da vida diária (AIVDs). O estudo buscará ainda explorar
os fatores associados à incapacidade funcional..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (2) / Especialização: (0) / Mestrado acadêmico: (1) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (0) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Projeto Programa Nacional de Saúde do Escolar

Descrição um projeto para monitoramento de fatores de risco e proteção para doenças
e agravos não-transmissíveis em escolares. O projeto é coordenado pelo Ministério da
Saúde, por meio da Secretaria de Vigilância em Saúde. O projeto envolve coleta de
informações de escolares de todas as capitais brasileiras sobre atividade física, dieta,
tabagismo, consumo de álcool, entre outros fatores relacionados ao risco de doenças
crônicas..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Mestrado acadêmico: (3) .

 

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Cora L Araújo - Integrante /
Deborah Carvalho Malta - Coordenador.

Financiador(es): Núcleo Estadual do Ministério da Saúde no Rio Grande do Sul - Auxílio
financeiro.

Consórcio de Pesquisa em Saúde em Sociedades em Transição: Consortium of Health
Orientated Research in Transitional Societies

Descrição: O projeto é uma cooperação entre cinco estudos longitudinais realizados em
países em desenvolvimento, nos seguintes locais: Pelotas (Brasil), Cebu (Filipinas), Soweto
(África do Sul), Nova Delhi (India) e 2 vilas (Guatemala). A colaboração envolve a escrita
conjunta de artigos científicos, reuniões de trabalho e planejamento conjunto de
atividades...

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (3) / Especialização: (0) / Mestrado acadêmico: (0) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (10) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Cesar Gomes Victora -
Coordenador.

Financiador(es): Wellcome Trust - Auxílio financeiro.

Número de produções C, T & A: 4

Projeto Saúde na Boa: uma intervenção de promoção da atividade física e alimentação
eaudável em escolares
2006 - 2008

2006 - 2008

2006 - 2008

2006 - Atual

2005 - 2011

Descrição: O objetivo deste estudo e avaliar a efetividade de uma intervenção de
promoção da atividade física e alimentação saudável em escolares..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Mestrado acadêmico: (4) Doutorado: (3) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Alex A Florindo - Integrante /
Mauro Virgílio Gomes de Barros - Integrante / Markus Vinidus Nahas - Coordenador /
Maria Alice Altenburg de Assis - Integrante.

Financiador(es): OPA Topografia e Engenharia - Auxílio financeiro.

Estudo de avaliação da efetividade dos programas de promoção da atividade física
Curitibativa e Academia da Cidade

Descrição: Este projeto visa, através de uma combinação de metodologias quantitativas e
qualitativas, avaliar a efetividade dos programas Curitibativa (Curitiba-PR) e Academia da
Cidade (Recife-PE) no aumento do conhecimento populacional sobre atividade física e sua
relação com a saúde, além de avaliar se os programas estão sendo efetivos para aumentar
o nível de atividade física dos moradores destas cidades...

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (2) / Especialização: (8) / Mestrado acadêmico: (4) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (0) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Rafael Miranda Tassitano -
Integrante / Yara Maria Carvalho - Integrante.

Financiador(es): Ministério da Saúde - Auxílio financeiro.

Estudo quali-quantitativo de avaliação do Programa Academia da Cidade, Recife
Descrição: O objetivo do presente estudo foi identificar e analisar a visão que os
professores que atuam no Programa Academia da Cidade (PAC) em Recife, PE constroem
a respeito do impacto/relevância, das dificuldades e do envolvimento da comunidade em
relação à proposta. O PAC é um programa público vinculado à Secretaria de Saúde do
muniápio..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Mestrado acadêmico: (2) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Rafael Miranda Tassitano -
Integrante / Maria Cecília Marinho Tenório - Integrante / Yara Maria Carvalho - Integrante
/ Marcos Warschauer - Integrante / Danielle Keylla Alencar de Cruz - Integrante / Wilson
Damascena - Integrante / Deborah Carvalho Malta - Integrante / Rodrigo Siqueira Reis -
Integrante.

Financiador(es): Núcleo Estadual do Ministério da Saúde no Rio Grande do Sul - Auxílio
financeiro.

Avaliação do manejo da hipertensão arterial e caracterização dos hipertensos atendidos na
atenção básica do município de Arvoredo (SC), Brasil

Descrição: O presente estudo irá avaliar o manejo da hipertensão arterial nos hipertensos
atendidos na atenção básica do município de Arvoredo (SC).

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Mario Renato Azevedo -
Integrante / Janete Paravizi Bianchin - Integrante.

Projeto Guide to Useful Interventions for Physical Activity in Brazil and Latin América
Descrição: Trata-se de um projeto colaborativo entre pesquisadores e universidades
brasileiras e norte-americanas. O objetivo central é estudar intervenções para promoção
de atividade física, partindo de intervenções inicialmente desenvolvidas nos Estados
Unidos e sua aplicabilidade para a América Latina, chegando a revisão sobre intervenções
latino-americanas. Outros objetivos do projeto incluem a avaliação de intervenções
brasileiras de promoção da atividade física e a disseminação dos achados para
pesquisadores, gestores e para o público em geral..

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (2) / Mestrado acadêmico: (2) / Doutorado: (3) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Michael Pratt - Integrante /
Rodrigo Siqueira Reis - Integrante / Ross Brownson - Integrante / Luis Roberto Ramos -
Integrante.

Financiador(es): Centers for Disease Control and Prevention - Auxílio financeiro.
Atividade física em adultos e idosos residentes em áreas de abrangência de unidades
básicas de saúde de municípios das regiões Sul e Nordeste do Brasil

Descrição: Este estudo tem como objetivo descrever a prevalênda de sedentarismo e
fatores assodados em populações das áreas de abrangência de unidades básicas de saúde
em municípios das regiões Sul e Nordeste do Brasil. Um estudo de delineamento
transversal selecionou uma amostra de indivíduos adultos (30-64 anos) e idosos (65 anos
ou mais), residentes nas áreas de abrangência das unidades básicas de saúde, de 41
munidpios com mais de 100 mil habitantes dos Estados do Rio Grande do Sul e Santa
Catarina, na Região Sul; Alagoas, Pernambuco, Paraíba, Rio Grande do Norte e Piauí, na
Região Nordeste do Brasil..
2005 - 2009

2005 - 2008

2005 - 2007

2003 - 2011

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.
Alunos envolvidos: Doutorado: (3) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Luiz Augusto Facchini - Integrante /
Markus Vinicius Nahas - Coordenador.

Desnutrição materno-infantil: consequência em curto e longo prazo

Descrição: O projeto tem por objetivo estudar a desnutrição materno-infantil em uma
perspectiva global. O projeto consiste da escrita de cinco artigos científicos. No primeiro,
são discutidos os efeitos em curto prazo da desnutrição materno-infantil sobre a saúde. No
segundo, são discutidos a desnutrição materno-infantil e o risco de doenças em adultos de
baixa renda. No terceiro, são analisadas as intervenções que afetam a desnutrição
materno-infantil como promoção do aleitamento materno, alimentação complementar e
estratégias para melhorar a nutrição da comunidade. No quarto, são discutidas estratégias
para melhorar a desnutrição materno-infantil nos países onde os índices de desnutrição
são elevados. E por último, no quinto artigo, é discutido o sistema internacional de
nutrição, analisando sua intervenção na desnutrição materno-infantil..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Doutorado: (1) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Cesar G Victora - Coordenador.
Financiador(es): Wellcome Trust - Auxílio financeiro.

Estudo Populacional Escola Superior de Atividade Física

Descrição: O Projeto tem como objetivos gerais determinar a prevalêndia e os fatores
associados à baixa atividade física em adultos de Pelotas, RS e quantificar o percentual
que cada uma das esferas da atividade física (atividades de lazer, ocupacionais, serviços
domésticos e deslocamentos) representa na atividade física individual total. Os dados
desta investigação poderão servir de base para futuras campanhas governamentais de
incentivo à prática de atividades físicas. Da mesma forma, podem incentivar projetos de
extensão da Escola Superior de Educação Física da Universidade Federal de Pelotas a fim
de atender os grupos mais sedentários da população..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (20) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador / Airton José Rombaldi -
Integrante.

Financiador(es): Ministério do Esportes - Auxílio financeiro.

Dieta, atividade física, gasto energético e composição corporal: um estudo de coorte
prospectivo em adolescentes

Descrição: O projeto tem como objetivos gerais estudar dieta, atividade física, gasto
energético e composição corporal e fatores associados em uma coorte prospectiva de base
populacional de adolescentes, em Pelotas, RS; explorar o efeito de variáveis precoces
sobre dieta, atividade física, gasto energético e composição corporal em adolescentes e
avaliar a evolução nos padrões de dieta, atividade física, gasto energético e composição
corporal destes adolescentes em um período de 18 meses. E como objetivos específicos o
estudo busca determinar a prevalência de consumo excessivo de gordura e fatores
associados nestes adolescentes; avaliar a prevalência de consumo inadequado de fibras e
fatores relacionados; explorar a prevalência de sedentarismo e fatores de risco; estimar o
gasto energético diário em uma sub-amostra; avaliar a composição corporal e fatores
associados; comparar níveis de atividade física determinados por questionário,
acelerômetros, pedômetros, actihearts e água duplamente marcada; comparar
bioimpedância elétrica segmentar, diluição de deutério e IMC para avaliação de
composição corporal; avaliar a evolução destes indicadores em um período de 18 meses e
explorar os determinantes precoces da dieta, atividade física, gasto energético e
composição corporal utilizando os dados coletados em visitas anteriores da coorte..
Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (2) / Especialização: (0) / Mestrado acadêmico: (0) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (1) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Ana Maria B Menezes -
Coordenador / Felipe Fossati Reichert - Integrante.

Financiador(es): Não informado / Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e
Tecnológico - Bolsa / Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico -
Auxílio financeiro.

Transição nutricional e de saúde em duas coortes brasileiras (1982-1993): impacto de
variáveis socioeconômicas, comportamentais e biológicas ao longo da vida

Descrição: O projeto tem como objetivos: investigar a influência de variáveis gestacionais
e da primeira infância na saúde de adolescentes e adultos em um país em
desenvolvimento; documentar as tendências temporais nos indicadores de saúde de
crianças e adolescentes, relacionando-os com mudanças socioeconômicas, culturais,
ambientais e dos serviços de saúde entre os dois períodos; avaliar a evolução das
desigualdades socioeconômicas, de gênero e étnicas ao longo do tempo; integrar a
pesquisa epidemiológica, clínica, antropológica e de biologia molecular; treinar
2003 - 2007

2003 - 2006

2003 - 2006

2001 - 2002

pesquisadores da América Latina em estudos longitudinais (especificamente coortes de
nascimento) e desenvolver uma rede de colaboração no assunto; disseminar os achados
do estudo para o público científico e para as secretarias e ministério de saúde..
Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (2) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Denise Petrucci Gigante -
Integrante / Cesar Gomes Victora - Coordenador / Ana Maria B Menezes - Integrante /
Aluísio Jardim Dornellas de Barros - Integrante / Fernando C Barros - Integrante / Iná
Silva dos Santos - Integrante / Bernardo Lessa Horta - Integrante / Isabel Oliveira de
Oliveira - Integrante / Vera Silveira - Integrante.

Financiador(es): Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico - Bolsa /
Wellcome Trust - Auxílio financeiro / Wellcome Trust - Auxílio financeiro.

Número de produções C, T & A: 20

Estudo multicêntrico sobre doença pulmonar obstrutiva crônica (DPOC) em cinco cidades
da América Latina - Estudo Platino

Descrição: O objetivo do projeto é medir a prevalência de doença pulmonar obstrutiva
crônica (DPOC) em cinco cidades da América Latina - São Paulo, Cidade do México,
Montevideo, Santiago e Caracas. O projeto está associado a um estudo dos Estados
Unidos da América - BOLD - e o fato de ambos projetos terem o mesmo protocolo
permitirá comparações futuras entre vários países..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (2) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Cesar Gomes Victora - Integrante /
Ana Maria B Menezes - Coordenador / José Roberto Jardim - Integrante / Aquiles Camelier
- Integrante.

Financiador(es): Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH & Co. KG - Auxílio financeiro.
Número de produções C, T & A: 15

Estudo de intervenção em fumo, dieta e atividade física em escolares adolescentes
Descrição: O objetivo principal do projeto é medir a efetividade de um programa de
intervenção "Programa Saber Saúde", do Ministério da Saúde, para prevenção ou redução
do tabagismo, promoção de dieta saudável e prática de exercício físico em escolares de 13
e 14anos..

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (1) / Doutorado: (1) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Cesar Gomes Victora - Integrante /
Ana Maria Baptista Menezes - Coordenador / Marilda Borges NeutZling - Integrante /
Maura Cavada Malcon - Integrante / Maria Cecília Formoso Assunção - Integrante.
Financiador(es): Organização Panamericana de Saúde - Auxílio financeiro / Instituto
Nacional de Câncer - Auxílio financeiro / Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico
e Tecnológico - Auxílio financeiro / World Health Organization - Auxílio financeiro.
Número de produções C, T & A: 2

Epidemiologia do acesso aos medicamentos e sua utilização em uma população assistida
pelo programa saúde da família

Descrição: Avaliar o acesso, utilização e gastos com medicamentos em uma população de
nível econômico baixo residente em área coberta pelo PSF na cidade de Porto Alegre, RS.
Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Consórcio de pesquisa: situação de saúde da população de Pelotas, RS

Descrição: O projeto objetiva conhecer a situação de saúde da população de Pelotas, RS,
por meio de um inquérito de base populacional em 1600 domicílios da cidade. O estudo foi
realizado em conjunto por 11 alunos de mestrado do PPG em Epidemiologia da UFPEL..
Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Pesquisa.

Alunos envolvidos: Graduação: (3) / Especialização: (0) / Mestrado acadêmico: (12) /
Mestrado profissional: (0) / Doutorado: (1) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

Número de produções C, T & A: 16

Projetos de desenvolvimento

 

2008 - 2011

Projeto Intercambio Institudonal entre Universidades Brasileiras e Americanas para
Promoção de Atividade Física

Descrição: O objetivo final deste projeto é construir capacidade de pesquisa na área de
atividade física e saúde no Brasil, através da organização de workshops internacionais,
promovendo intercâmbio científico e fortalecendo uma já existente rede de trabalho
colaborativo entre os investigadores principais deste projeto..
Outros Projetos

Situação: Em andamento; Natureza: Desenvolvimento.
Alunos envolvidos: Doutorado: (5) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Rodrigo S Reis - Integrante /
Markus Vinicius Nahas - Coordenador / Michael Pratt - Integrante / Harold W. Kohl -
Integrante.

Financiador(es): Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior - Auxílio
financeiro.

 

2012 - 2013

Membro de corpo editorial

Doutorado em Educação Física - ESEF/UFPEL

Projeto certificado pelo(a) coordenador(a) Marlos Rodrigues Domingues em 16/05/2013.
Descrição: Elaboração da proposta de Curso de Doutorado dentro do Programa de Pós-
Graduação em Educação Física da Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Situação: Concluído; Natureza: Outra.

Alunos envolvidos: Mestrado acadêmico: (4) .

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Integrante / Airton José Rombaldi - Integrante /
Marlos Rodrigues Domingues - Coordenador / Luis Carlos Rigo - Integrante / Suzete
Chiviacowsky - Integrante / Jeferson Santos Jerônimo - Integrante / Marluce Raquel
Decian - Integrante / Priscila Lopes Cardozo - Integrante / osé Antonio Bicca Ribeiro -
Integrante.

Fatores associados à qualidade de vida em pacientes com transtorno bipolar

Situação: Desativado; Natureza: Outra.

Integrantes: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal - Coordenador.

 

2012 - Atual
2012 - 2017
2008 - 2011
2008 - Atual
2007 - 2011
2006 - Atual
2006 - Atual

Periódico: Journal of Adolescent Health

Periódico: Journal of Physical Activity & Health

Periódico: Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health

Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia

Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde

Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento

Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Cineantropometria e Desempenho Humano

Membro de comitê de assessoramento

 

2015 - 2017
2013 - 2016

Revisor de periódico

Agência de fomento: Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico
Agência de fomento: Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior

  

 

2003 - Atual
2006 - Atual
2003 - Atual
2002 - Atual
2004 - Atual
2005 - Atual
2007 - Atual
2004 - Atual
2006 - Atual
2005 - Atual
2007 - Atual
2007 - Atual
2007 - Atual
2008 - Atual
2008 - Atual
2008 - Atual
2008 - Atual
2008 - Atual
2008 - Atual
2009 - Atual
2009 - Atual
2009 - Atual
2009 - Atual

Periódico: Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health
Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Cineantropometria & Desempenho Humano
Periódico: American Journal of Public Health

Periódico: Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ)

Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento

Periódico: American Journal of Preventive Medicine

Periódico: BMJ. British Medical Journal

Periódico: Journal of Physical Activity and Health

Periódico: British Journal of Nutrition

Periódico: Preventive Medicine

Periódico: Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise

Periódico: Journal of Adolescent Health

Periódico: International Journal of Pediatric Obesity

Periódico: Annals of Human Biology

Periódico: BMC Public Health (Online)

Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Ciências do Esporte

Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia

Periódico: Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health
Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde
Periódico: International Journal of Epidemiology

Periódico: Journal of Health Psychology

Periódico: Scandinavian Journal of Medicine and Science in Sports
Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Educação Física e Esporte (Impresso)
2010 - Atual Periódico: Pediatrics (Evanston)

2010 - Atual Periódico: Journal of Developmental Origins of Health and Disease
2010 - Atual Periódico: International Journal of Public Health (Print)

2010 - Atual Periódico: Revista Brasileira de Fisioterapia (Impresso)

2011 - Atual Periódico: Plos One

2011 - Atual Periódico: British Journal of Sports Medicine

2012 - Atual Periódico: Cadernos de Terapia Ocupacional da UFSCar

2013 - Atual Periódico: The Lancet Diabetes &Endocrinology

2015 - Atual Periódico: ournal of Scientific Research and Reports

2015 - Atual Periódico: American Journal of Human Biology e Sports Medicine
2016 - Atual Periódico: Nature

Áreas de atuação

 

 

1. Grande área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Medicina / Subárea: Epidemiologia/Especialidade:
Epidemiologia.

2. Grande área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Educação Física / Subárea:
Epidemiologia/ Especialidade: Atividade Física e Saúde.

3. Grande área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Saúde Coletiva / Subárea: Saúde
Pública/Especialidade: Saúde Pública.

4. Grande área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Educação Física.

5. Grande área: Ciências da Saúde / Área: Saúde Coletiva.

Idiomas

Português Compreende Bem, Fala Bem, Lê Bem, Escreve Bem.

Espanhol Compreende Razoavelmente, Fala Pouco, Lê Bem, Escreve Pouco.

Inglês Compreende Bem, Fala Bem, Lê Bem, Escreve Bem.

Prêmios e títulos

 

2015 Trabalho destaque da categoria Oral, na área de Determinantes e correlatos da atividade
física, X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, Sociedade Brasileira de Atividade
Física e Saúde.

2013 Destaque na Sessão do XXII CIC: Aderência e resistência à prática de atividade física: um
estudo de revisão, UFPel.
2012 Moção de congratulações da Câmara Municipal de Pelotas pela importância das pesquisas

realizadas nas áreas "Atividade Física e Saúde", "Epidemiologia e Saúde Pública", Câmara
Municipal de Pelotas.

2009 Menção Honrosa como melhor apresentação oral do evento - Association between
participation in leisure-time physical activity and occupational, housework and transport-
related physical activity, VII Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde.

2009 Menção Honrosa como melhor apresentação oral do evento - Associação entre nível
econômico e inatividade física em diferentes dominios, 7º Congresso Brasileiro de
Atividade Física & Saúde.

2009 Destaque na Pesquisa em Atividade Física e Saúde em reconhecimento à qualidade do
artigo - Associação entre nível econômico e inatividade física em diferentes domínios, 7º
Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física & Saúde.

2009 DOHaD Society Young Investigator Award, 6th World Congress onf Developmental Origins
of Health and Disease.

2009 DOHaD Society Fellowship, 6th World Congress on Developmental Origins of Health an
Disease.

2008 Membro afiliado da Academia Brasileira de Ciências, ABC - Academia Brasileira de Ciências.

2008 Recepção de cumprimentos da Câmara Municipal de Pelotas pela Afiliação na Academia
Brasileira de Ciências, Câmara Municipal de Pelotas.

2002 Menção Honrosa - Aluno de Melhor Desempenho no Curso de Mestrado, PPG em
Epidemiologia/UFPEL.

Produções

 

Produção bibliográfica

Citações
 

Web of Science

 

Hallal, Pedro C Data: 25/02/2014

Total de trabalhos:218Total de citações:3841 Fator H:31

 

 

SciELO

 

Total de trabalhos:21Total de citações: 16

Hallal, Pedro C ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; Hallal, Pedro
Curi Data: 23/08/2007

 

 

SCOPUS

 

Total de trabalhos:264Total de citações:4823

Hallal P, Hallal PC, PLATINO, Maternal and Child Undernutrition
Study Group, Lancet Physical Activity Series Data: 08/09/2012

 

 

Artigos completos publicados em periódicos

Ordenar por

 

 

Ordem Cronológica 4]

 

1.

HALLAL, PEDRO C. Going Global as JPAH Enters Adulthood. Journal of Physical Activity & Health scr, v. 18, p. 1,
2021.

HALLAL, PEDRO C. SOS Brazil: science under attack. LANCET HER, v. 21, p. 1, 2021.

Citações: vez or science 4

BRAZENDALE, KEITH ; BEETS, MICHAEL W. ; BRIDGET, A. ; WEAVER, ROBERT G. ; Ethan Hunt ; BRUSSEAU JR., T.
A. ; BOHNERT, A. ; TASSITANO, R. M. ; TENORIO, M. C. M. ; GARCIA, J. ; ANDERSEN, L. B. ; DAVEY, R. ; Hallal, Pedro
Curi; PATE, R. R.; JAGO, R. ; KOLLE, E. ; KRISTENSEN, P. L. . Children?s moderate-to-vigorous physical activity on
weekdays versus weekend days: a multi-country analysis. International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity
JER, v. 18, p. 1, 2021.

Hallal, Pedro C.. Toward 1000 Submissions in 2021: JPAH?s First Trimester Report. Journal of Physical Activity &
HealthiJcr, v. 18, p. 473, 2021.

DOURADO, ADRIANA AKEMI ; HALLAL, PEDRO RODRIGUES CURI ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ;
SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes . Teaching of health-related physical activity in medical schools: the Brazilian scenario.
REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 24, p. 1-6, 2020.

BARRETO, MAURICIO LIMA ; BARROS, ALUISIO JARDIM DORNELLAS DE ; CARVALHO, MARÍLIA SÁ ; CODEÇO,
CLAUDIA TORRES ; HALLAL, PEDRO RODRIGUES CURI ; MEDRONHO, ROBERTO DE ANDRADE ; STRUCHINER,
CLAUDIO JOSÉ ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; WERNECK, GUILHERME LOUREIRO . O que é urgente e necessário para subsidiar
as políticas de enfrentamento da pandemia de COVID-19 no Brasil?. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE EPIDEMIOLOGIA, v. 23, p. 1,
2020.

BERNHARDSEN, G. P. ; STENSRUD, T. ; HANSEN, B. H. ; STEENE-JOHANNESEN, 3. ; KOLLE, E. ; NYSTAD, W. ;
ANDERSSEN, S. ; Pedro C. Hallal ; JANZ, K. ; KRIEMLER, S. ; ANDERSEN, LARS B. ; NORTHSTONE, K. ; RESALAND, G. K. ;
SARDINHA, LUIS B; SLUIS, E. V. ; RIED-LARSEN, M. ; EKELUND, U. ; SHERAR, L. . Birth weight, cardiometabolic risk
factors and effect modification of physical activity in children and adolescents: Pooled data from 12 international studies.
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF OBESITY 1€R, v. 1, p. 1, 2020.
Citações: wezorscence= 3 | SCHPUS3

BARROS, Aluísio 3 D ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; HORTA, Bernardo ; VICTORA, C. G. ; BARROS, F. C. ; HARTWIG, F.;
VICTORA, G. ; SILVEIRA, Mariângela ; HALLAL, PEDRO . Social distancing patterns in nine municipalities of Rio Grande do
Sul, Brazil: the Epicovid19/RS study. REVISTA DE SAÚDE PÚBLICA (ONLINE) JICR, v. 54, p. 75, 2020.

HALLAL, PEDRO; BARROS, F. C. ; SILVEIRA, Mariângela ; BARROS, Aluísio J D; DELLAGOSTIN, O. ; PELLANDA, L. ;
STRUCHINER, C. ; BURATTINI, M. ; HARTWIG, F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HORTA, Bernardo ; VICTORA, C. G. . EPICOVIDI9
protocol: repeated serological surveys on SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in Brazil. Clenda & Saude Coletiva CR, v. 25, p. 3573,
2020.

SILVEIRA, MARIÂNGELA F. ; BARROS, ALUÍSIO 3. D. ; HORTA, BERNARDO L. ; PELLANDA, LÚCIA C. ; VICTORA,
GABRIEL D. ; DELLAGOSTIN, ODIR A. ; STRUCHINER, CLAUDIO J. ; BURATTINI, MARCELO N. ; VALIM, ANDRÉIA R. M. ;
BERLEZI, EVELISE M. ; MESA, JEOVANY M. ; IKEDA, MARIA LETÍCIA R. ; MESENBURG, MARILIA A. ; MANTESSO, MARINA ;
DALL?AGNOL, MARINELM. ; BITTENCOURT, RAQUELI A. ; HARTWIG, FERNANDO P. ; MENEZES, ANA M. B. ; BARROS,
FERNANDO C. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; VICTORA, CESAR G. . Population-based surveys of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in
Southern Brazil. NATURE MEDICINE 1€R, v. 1, p. 1, 2020.
11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

Citações: WEB OF sciENTE» 32

Hallal, Pedro Curi. Worldwide differences in COVID-19-related mortality. Ciência & Saúde Coletiva JR, v. 25, p.
2403-2410, 2020.
Citações: mEZ or sciences 2

Hallal, Pedro Curi; HORTA, BERNARDO L ; BARROS, Aluísio ] D ; DELLAGOSTIN, ODIR A ; HARTWIG, FERNANDO P
; PELLANDA, LÚCIA C ; STRUCHINER, CLÁUDIO JOSÉ ; BURATTINI, MARCELO N ; SILVEIRA, MARIÂNGELA FREITAS DA ;
MENEZES, ANA M B ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Evolução da prevalência de infecção por COVID-19
no Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil: inquéritos sorológicos seriados. Ciência & Saúde Coletiva JER, v. 25, p. 2395-2401, 2020.

Citações: mes orscence= 14

RAPHAELLI, CHIRLE DE OLIVEIRA ; AZEVEDO, MARIO RENATO DE ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; Hallal, Pedro Curi .
Estudo transversal sobre trabalho e comportamentos de risco à saúde entre escolares de zona rural do Rio Grande do Sul,
2010 *. EPIDEMIOLOGIA E SERVICOS DE SAUDE, v. 29, p. 1, 2020.

Citações: Es or scencE= 2

DING, DING ; MIELKE, GREGORE I. ; SILVA, INACIO CROCHEMORE M. ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C. ; HORTA,
BERNARDO L. ; BRAGE, SOREN ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; EXELUND, ULF . Prenatal and birth predictors of objectively measured
physical activity and sedentary time in three population-based birth cohorts in Brazil. Scientific Reports JeR, v. 10, p. 1,
2020.

Citações: mes or science» 1

MCLAUGHLIN, M. ; ATKIN, A. ; WOLFENDEN, L. ; A, H. ; SUTHERLAND, R. ; WIGGERS, . ; RAMIREZ, A. ; HALLAL,
PEDRO C; PRATT, M. ; LYNCH, B. ; STARR, L. ; WINDAELE, K. . Worldwide surveillance of self-reported sitting time: a
scoping review. International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity JCR, v. 17, p. 1, 2020.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE" 3

KVALHEIM, O. M. ; HANSEN, B. H. ; KRIEMLER, S. ; RIED-LARSEN, M. ; WEDDERKOPP, N. ; SARDINHA, L. ; MOLLER,
N. C. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; ANDERSSEN, S. ; NORTHSTONE, K. ; ANDERSEN, L. B. . The multivariate physical activity
signature associated with metabolic health in children and youth: An International Children's Accelerometry Database (ICAD)
analysis. PREVENTIVE MEDICINEICR, v. 141, p. 106266, 2020.

BARROS, Aluísio ] D ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; HORTA, Bernardo ; VICTORA, C. G. ; BARROS, F. C. ; Wehrmeister,
F.C; HALLAL, PEDRO C. Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV 2 according to socioeconomic and ethnic status in a
nationwide Brazilian survey. REVISTA PANAMERICANA DE SALUD PUBLICA-PAN AMERICAN JOURNAL OF PUBLIC HEALTH
JER, v. 44, p. 1, 2020.

Citações: mes or sciences 1

Ding, D; MUTRIE, N. ; BAUMAN, A. E. ; PRATT, M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; POWELL, KENNETH . Physical activity
guidelines 2020: comprehensive and inclusive recommendations to activate populations (Editorial). LANCET JR, v. 20, p. 1,
2020.

Citações: wEZ cr scENcE= 2
HALLAL, PEDRO C; PRATT, MICHAEL . Physical activity: moving from words to action. Lancet Global Health Jr, v.
8, p. e867-e868, 2020.

MIELKE, GRÉGORE 1 ; CROCHEMORE M DA SILVA, INÁCIO ; GOMERSALL, SJAAN R ; OWEN, NEVILLE ; HALLAL,
PEDRO C. Reliability of a multi-domain sedentary behaviour questionnaire and comparability to an overall sitting time
estimate. JOURNAL OF SPORTS SCIENCES JER, v. 38, p. 351-356, 2020.

CROCHEMORE-SILVA, INÁCIO ; KNUTH, ALAN GOULARTE ; WENDT, ANDREA ; NUNES, BRUNO PEREIRA ; Hallal,
Pedro Curi ; SANTOS, LEONARDO POZZA ; HARTER, JENIFER ; PELLEGRINI, DÉBORA DA CRUZ PAYÃO . Prática de
atividade física em meio à pandemia da COVID-19: estudo de base populacional em cidade do sul do Brasil. Ciência & Saúde
ColetivalCR, v. 25, p. 4249-4258, 2020.

VICTORA, C. G. ; MAIA, M. F. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; OLIVEIRA, P. D.; HORTA, B. L ; SILVA, H.D.G.;
BARROS, Aluísio J D ; TOVO-RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; Murray, J ; BARROS, F. C. . Trends and inequalities in maternal and
child health in a Brazilian dty: methodology and sociodemographic description of four population-based birth cohort studies,
1982-2015. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY J€R, v. 48, p. i4-i15, 2019.

Citações: viEZ or scENcE= 8

BARROS, ALUISIO J D ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; HORTA, BERNARDO L ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C ; BASSANI,
DIEGO ; SILVEIRA, MARIÂNGELA F ; SANTOS, LEONARDO P ; BLUMENBERG, CAUANE ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ;
MATIASEVICH, ALICIA ; MENEZES, ANA M B ; BERTOLDI, ANDREA DÂMASO ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; SANTOS, INÁS ;
MURRAY, JOSEPH ; TOVO-RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA CECILIA F; DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ;
HALLAL, PEDRO R C.. Antenatal care and caesarean sections: trends and inequalities in four population-based birth
cohorts in Pelotas, Brazil, 1982-2015. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY JR, v. 48, p. 37-45, 2019.

Citações: wEZ or scEenceE= 14
GONÇALVES, HELEN ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ; BUFFARINI, ROMINA ; HORTA, BERNARDO L ; MENEZES, ANA M B ;
BARROS, Aluísio J D ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS R ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; MATIJASEVICH, ALICIA ; BERTOLDI, ANDREA
DÂMASO ; BASSANI, DIEGO G ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C ; SANTOS, INÁ S ; MURRAY, JOSEPH ; TOVO-RODRIGUES,
LUCIANA ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA CECILIA F ; SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F ; HALLAL, PEDRO RC. Infant nutrition and growth:
trends and inequalities in four population-based birth cohorts in Pelotas, Brazil, 1982-2015. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF
EPIDEMIOLOGY JR, v. 48, p. i80-188, 2019.
Citações: mez or scence= 9
HORTA, BERNARDO L ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ; LIMA, NATÁLIA P ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA C F; SANTOS, INÁ S ;
DOMINGUES, MARLOS R ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; BARROS, ALUISIO J D ; MATIJASEVICH, ALICIA ; MENEZES, ANA M B;
BERTOLDI, ANDREA DÂMASO ; BASSANI, DIEGO G ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; MURRAY,
JOSEPH ; TOVO-RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F:; HALLAL, PEDRO R C. Maternal anthropometi

 

 
26.

27.

28.

29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

34.

35.

36.

37.

38.

39.

trends and inequalities in four population-based birth cohorts in Pelotas, Brazil, 1982-2015. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF
EPIDEMIOLOGY JR, v. 48, p. i26-136, 2019.

Citações: mEz cr scence= 11

MENEZES, ANA M B; BARROS, FERNANDO C; HORTA, BERNARDO L ; MATIJASEVICH, ALICIA ; BERTOLDI, Andréa
Dâmaso ; OLIVEIRA, PAULA D ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; BARROS, ALUISIO J D ; BASSANI, DIEGO G ; WEHRMEISTER,
FERNANDO C; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; SANTOS, INÁ S ; MURRAY, JOSEPH ; TOVO-RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; ASSUNÇÃO,
MARIA CECILIA F ; SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ; HALLAL, PEDRO R C. Stillbirth,
newborn and infant mortality: trends and inequalities in four population-based birth cohorts in Pelotas, Brazil, 1982-2015.
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY J€R, v. 48, p. 54-62, 2019.

Citações: mEZ cr scencE= 6

SANTOS, INÁ S ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ; HORTA, BERNARDO L; MENEZES, ANA M B ; BASSANI, DIEGO ; TOVO-
RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; LIMA, NATÁLIA P ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; BARROS, ALUISIO J D ; MATIJASEVICH, ALICIA ;
BERTOLDI, ANDREA DÂMASO ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; MURRAY, JOSEPH ; ASSUNÇÃO,
MARIA CECILIA F ; SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ; HALLAL, PEDRO R C.. Breastfeeding
exdusivity and duration: trends and inequalities in four population-based birth cohorts in Pelotas, Brazil, 1982-2015.
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY JR, v. 48, p. i72-179, 2019.
Citações: wez or scemce= 10

SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; HORTA, BERNARDO L ; DA SILVA, BRUNA G C ; MATDASEVICH,
ALICIA ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ; BARROS, ALUISIO 3 D ; MENEZES, ANA M B; BERTOLDI, ANDREA DÂMASO ; BASSANI,
DIEGO G ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; SANTOS, INÁ S ; MURRAY, JOSEPH ; TOVO-RODRIGUES,
LUCIANA ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA CECILIA F ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ; HALLAL, PEDRO RC. Low birthweight
and preterm birth: trends and inequalities in four population-based birth cohorts in Pelotas, Brazil, 1982-2015.
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY JR, v. 48, p. 46-53, 2019.
Citações: mEZ or sciENcE= 19

WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; HORTA, BERNARDO L ; MENEZES, ANA M B; SANTOS, INÁS ;
BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; DA SILVA, BRUNA G C ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ; BARROS, ALUISIO J D ; MATIJASEVICH,
ALICIA ; BASSANI, DIEGO G ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; MURRAY, JOSEPH ; TOVO-RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA
CECILIA F ; SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ; HALLAL, PEDRO R C.. Hospital admissions
in the first year of life: inequalities over three decades in a southern Brazilian city. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF
EPIDEMIOLOGY IR, v. 48, p. 163-171, 2019.
Citações: WEZ Or sciENcE= 3

DA SILVA, SHANA GINAR ; EVENSON, KELLY R. ; EKELUND, ULF ; DA SILVA, INÁCIO CROCHEMORE MOHSAM ;
DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ; DA SILVA, BRUNA GONÇALVES CORDEIRO ; MENDES, MÁRCIO DE ALMEIDA ; CRUZ,
GLORIA ISABEL NINO ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . How many days are needed to estimate wrist-worn accelerometry-assessed
physical activity during the second trimester in pregnancy?. PLOS One ER, v. 14, p. e0211442, 2019.

SANTOS, 1. S. ; DEL-PONTE, BIANCA ; TOVO-RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; HALAL, CAMILA S. ; MATIJACEVICH, A. ;
CRUZ, S. H. ; ANSELMI, L. ; SILVEIRA, Mariângela ; HALLAL, P. R. C. ; BASSANI, D. . Effect of parental counseling on
children's healthy sleep habits in Southern Brazil: JAMA Network OpenJER, v. 1, p. 1-14, 2019.

Citações: mEZ Cr SCENCE= 5

PEIXOTO, M. B. ; KNUTH, A. ; SILVA, I. C. M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C . Apoio social e prática de atividade física no
lazer em adolescentes: um estudo de base populacional. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 24, p. 1-
8, 2019.

MIELKE, GREGORE I. ; BROWN, WENDY J. ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C. ; GONCALVES, HELEN ; OLIVEIRA,
ISABEL ; MENEZES, ANAM. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Assodations between self-reported physical activity and screen time with
cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescents: Findings from the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. PREVENTIVE
MEDICINEJER, v. 119, p. 31-36, 2019.

Citações: ues or scence= 4

SEGHETO, W. ; MARINS, J. C. B. ; RIBEIRO, A. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C. Fatores associados e índice de adiposidade
corporal (IAC) em adultos: estudo de base populacional. Ciência & Saúde Coletiva JCR, v. 23, p. 773-783, 2018.
Citações: mes orscences 2

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; MIELKE, G. L. ; SILVA, L. C. M. ; MENGUE, S. ; ARRAIS, P.S. D. ; LUZIA, V. L ;
HALLAL, P. C. . Overall and Leisure-Time Physical Activity Among Brazilian Adults: National Survey Based on the Global
Physical Activity Questionnaire. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 15, p. 212-218, 2018.

Citações: mEZ or scence= 10

RAMIREZ, A. ; PRATT, MICHAEL ; HARRIS, J. ; LECY, J. ; SALVO, D. ; Brownson R C; HALLAL, P. C€. . Mapping the
historical development of physical activity and health research: A structured literature review and citation network analysis.
PREVENTIVE MEDICINE JCR, v. 111, p. 466-472, 2018.

MIELKE, G. 1. ; BROWN, W. ; EKELUND, U. ; BRAGE, S. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.
; HALLAL, PEDRO . Socioeconomic position and sedentary behavior in Brazilian adolescents: A life-course approach.
PREVENTIVE MEDICINE JCR, v. 107, p. 29-35, 2018.
Citações: viEE OF =cIENCE= 6

GOMES, G. A. ; MACIEL, F. ; GOMES, T. ; CARDOSO, J. ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; KOKUBUN, E. . Promotion of physical
activity in primary health care settings: evaluation of the Saúde Ativa Rio Claro program. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE
ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 22, p. 464-470, 2018.

BARCELLOS, F. C. ; VECCHIO, F. B. ; REGES, A. ; MORAES, D. U. ; MIELKE, G. L. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Exercise in
Patients with Hypertension and Chronic Kidney Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial. JOURNAL OF HUMAN
HYPERTENSIONJER, v. 32, p. 397-407, 2018.

 
40.

41.

42.

43.

44.

45.

46.

47.

48.

49.

50.

51.

52.

53.

54.

55.

56.

57.

SILVA, S. G.; EVENSON, K.; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; MENDES, M. A. ; DOMINGUES, M. R.; SILVEIRA, Mariangela ;
WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; EKELUND, U. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Correlates of accelerometer-assessed physical activity in pregnancy:
The 2015 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study. SCANDINAVIAN JOURNAL OF MEDICINE & SCIENCE IN SPORTS !€R, v. 28, p.
1934-1945, 2018.
Citações: mez or scence= 3

VARELA, ANDREA RAMIREZ ; PRATT, M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; BAUMAN, ADRIAN ; LEE, I MIN ; SALVO, D. ; MILTON, K.
; SIEFKEN, K. ; KOHL, H. W. ; HEATH, G. W. . Worldwide use of the first set of physical activity Country Cards: The Global
Observatory for Physical Activity - GoPA!. International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity JR, v. 15, p. 29,
2018.

MARTINS, RAFAELA COSTA ; GONÇALVES, H. ; SILVA, I. C. M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C.. 'Atividade física na população
rural de Pelotas/RS: prevalência e fatores associados. REVISTA DE SAUDE PUBLICA IER, v. 57, p. 1, 2018.

NIÃO CRUZ, GLORIA ISABEL ; RAMIREZ VARELA, ANDREA ; DA SILVA, INÁCIO CROCHEMORE M. ; Hallal, Pedro
Curi ; SANTOS, INÁS.. Physical activity during pregnancy and offspring neurodevelopment: A systematic review.
PAEDIATRIC AND PERINATAL EPIDEMIOLOGYICR, v. 1, p. 1, 2018.

HALLAL, PEDRO C; BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS R ; DA SILVEIRA, MARIÂNGELA FREITAS ;
DEMARCO, FLÁVIO F ; DA SILVA, INÁCIO CROCHEMORE M ; BARROS, FERNANDO C ; VICTORA, CESAR G ; BASSANI,
DIEGO G . Cohort Profile: The 2015 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY JR,
v. 47, p. 1048-1048h, 2018.

Citações: ves or sciences 52

ROSA, DAIANA LOPES ; AZEVEDO, MÁRIO RENATO ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; REICHERT, FELIPE FOSSATI ; CAPUTO,
EDUARDO LUCIA ; MATTEA, CAROLINA BOHNS . Educação Física nos anos iniciais do ensino fundamental. Revista Brasileira
de Educação Física e Esporte, v. 32, p. 361-370, 2018.

RICARDO, LUIZA ISNARDI CARDOSO ; DA SILVA, INÁCIO CROCHEMORE MOHNSAM ; MARTINS, RAFAELA COSTA ;
WENDT, ANDREA ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; HALLAL, PEDRO RODRIGUES CURI ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO CÉSAR .
Protocol for Objective Measurement of Infants? Physical Activity using Accelerometry. MEDICINE AND SCIENCE IN SPORTS
AND EXERCISEJER, v. 50, p. 1084-1092, 2018.

SIQUEIRA, FERNANDO ; PARRA, DIANA ; MIELKE, GREGORE ; BARROS, FERNANDO ; BORGES, THIAGO ; HALLAL,
PEDRO . Conhecimento de profissionais que atuam em Unidades Básicas de Saúde no Brasil sobre a associação entre
inatividade física e morbidades. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 22, p. 450-456, 2018.

GROUP, U. S. ; IZQUIERDO-GOMEZ, R. ; D, M.; CORNEJO, 1. E. ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; GARCIA, L. ; VILLAGRA, A. ;
VEIGA, O. . Changes in objectively measured physical activity in adolescents with Down syndrome: the UP&DOWN
Longitudinal Study. JOURNAL OF INTELLECTUAL DISABILITY RESEARCH CR, v. 61, p. 363-372, 2017.

NAKAMURA, P. M. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; HORTA, BERNARDO LESSA ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA CECÍLIA FORMOSO ;
GONÇALVES, H. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; BARROS, F. C. ; EKELUND, U. ; BRAGE, S. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; OLIVEIRA, L.;
HALLAL, PEDRO . Physical Activity Throughout Adolescence and Hbalc in Early Adulthood: Birth Cohort Study. Journal of
Physical Activity & Health JR, v. 14, p. 375-381, 2017.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 1

FERMINO, R. ; REIS, R.S. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; CAMARGO, E. . Frequência de uso de parques e prática de atividades
físicas em adultos de Curitiba, Brasil. Revista Brasileira de Medicina do Esporte J€R, v. 23, p. 264-269, 2017.
Citações: viEE Or sciENCES 1

MOORE, J. B.; BEETS, M. W. ; BRAZENDALE, K. ; BLAIR, S. N. ; PATE, R. R.; ANDERSEN, L. B. ; ANDERSSEN, S. A. ;
GRONTVEL, A. ; HALLAL, P.C.; KORDAS, Ki; KRIEMLER, S.; REILLY, J.J.; SARDINHA, L. B. . Associations of Vigorous-
Intensity Physical Activity with Biomarkers in Youth. MEDICINE AND SCIENCE IN SPORTS AND EXERCISEJCR, v. 49, p.
1366-1374, 2017.

DECIAN, M. R. ; CAPUTO, E. L. ; STEIN, F. ; CARDOZO, P. L. ; THUROW, H. S. ; CARDOSO, R. K.; LESSA, H. T. ;
DOMINGUES, M. R. ; HALLAL, P.C.. “A produção do conhecimento em Educação Física e suas subáreas: um panorama a
partir de periódicos nacionais da área. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 22, p. 261, 2017.

COLL, CAROLINA DE VARGAS NUNES ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; DA SILVA, INÁCIO
CROCHEMORE MOHNSAM ; BASSANI, DIEGO GARCIA ; MATIJASEVICH, ALICIA ; BARROS, ALUÍSIO ; SANTOS, INÁ S. ;
BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso . Changes in leisure-time physical activity among Brazilian pregnant women: comparison
between two birth cohort studies (2004 - 2015). BMC PUBLIC HEALTH CR, v. 17, p. 1-14, 2017.

Citações: wEZ Or sCENCE= 16

RAMIREZ, A. ; PRATT, MICHAEL ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; POWELL, K. ; KOHL, H. W. ; BAUMAN, ADRIAN ; LEE, I MIN ;
Heath, G.W ; MARTINS, R. C. . Worldwide surveillance, policy and research on physical activity and health: The Global
Observatory for Physical Adivity- GoPA!. Journal of Physical Activity & Health 1€R, v. 14, p. 701, 2017.

HARRISON, F. ; GOODMAN, A. ; SLUIJS, E. M. F. V. ; ANDERSEN, L. B. ; CARDON, G. ; DAVEY, R. ; JANZ, K. F.; KRIEMLER,
S.; MOLLOY, L. ; PAGE, A. S. ; PATE, R. ; PUDER, ). 1. ; SARDINHA, LB. ; TIMP, A. ; HALLAL, PEDRO . Weather and
children's physical activity; how and why do relationships vary between countries?. International Journal of Behavioral
Nutrition and Physical Activity JOR, v. 14, p. 74, 2017.

SILVA, RAFAELA NIELS DA ; GUARDA, FLÁVIO RENATO BARROS DA ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; MARTELLI, PETRÔNIO
JOSÉ DE LIMA . Avaliabilidade do Programa Academia da Saúde no Muniápio do Recife, Pernambuco, Brasil. Cadernos de
Saude Publica JCR, v. 33, p. 00159415, 2017.
Citações: Ez or scence= 2

MANNOCCI, A. ; SINOPOLI, A. ; MASALA, D. ; STRICCHIOLA, G. M. G. ; VITO, E. ; RAMIREZ, A. ; HALLAL, P.C.;
TORRE, G. L.. Arriva la Physical Activity Country Card: la salute é in movimento!. Epidemiologia & Prevenzione ER, v. 40, p.
153, 2017.
58.

59.

60.

61.

62.

63.

64.

65.

66.

67.

68.

69.

70.

71.

72.

73.

Citações: mEB OF SCENE» 3 | SCOPUS 1
KOKUBUN, E. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MACIEL, F. . Promotion of physical activity in primary health care settings: evaluation of the
Saúde Ativa Rio Claro program. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 22, p. 464-470, 2017.

GONÇALVES, PRISCILA BEZERRA ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; HINO, ADRIANO AKIRA FERREIRA ; REIS, RODRIGO
SIQUEIRA . Individual and environmental correlates of objectively measured physical activity and sedentary time in adults
from Curitiba, Brazil. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF PUBLIC HEALTH (ONLINE) J€R, v. 62, p. 831-840, 2017.

Citações: wiEE Or scIENcE= 4

KOLLE, ELIN ; HORTA, BERNARDO L. ; WELLS, JONATHAN ; BRAGE, SOREN ; BARROS, FERNANDO C. ; EKELUND,
ULF ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Does objectively measured physical activity modify the association between early weight gain and
fat mass in young adulthood?. BMC PUBLIC HEALTHJER, v. 17, p. 1, 2017.
Citações: ues or scence= 4

SILVA, S. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F. ; BASSANL,
D.; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; SILVA, B. G. C. ; COLL, C. . A randomized controlled trial of exercise during pregnancy on maternal
and neonatal outcomes: Results from the PAMELA Study. International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity
JER, v. 14, p. 175, 2017.

Citações: wEZ or scence= 17

FERREIRA, R. W. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Prevalência e fatores associados ao
comportamento sedentário em alunos de escolas primárias e secundárias. Revista Paulista de Pediatria (Impresso), v. 34, p.
56-63, 2016.
Citações: SCUPUS 4

FLORINDO, A. A. ; NAKAMURA, P. M. ; FARIA JR., J. C. ; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; REIS, R. S. ; CRUZ, K.A.C;
HALLAL, PEDRO C . Promoção da atividade física e da alimentação saudável e a saúde da família em municípios com
academia da saúde. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE EDUCAÇÃO FÍSICA E ESPORTE, v. 30, p. 913-924, 2016.

CORSEUIL, M. W. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; Brownson R C; d'Orsi, E. . Exploring Associations Between Perceived
Measures of the Environment and Walking Among Brazilian Older Adults. JOURNAL OF AGING AND HEALTH1€R, v. 29, p. 1,
2016.

Citações: wEROFrSCENCE“ 14 | SCHPUS 3

Murray, 3; Curi Hallal, P; MIELKE, G. 1. ; RAINE, A. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; ANSELMI, L. ; BARROS, F. C.. Low
resting heart rate is associated with violence in late adolescence: a prospective birth cohort study in Brazil. International
Journal of Epidemiology J€R, v. 45, p. dyv340, 2016.
Citações: wescrscence= 18 | SCOPUS 4

CORSEUIL, M. W. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; d'Orsi, E. ; CORSEUIL, C. ; SCHNEIDER, I. . Built Environment and Walking
Behavior Among Brazilian Older Adults: A Population-Based Study. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JR, v. 13, p. 617-
624, 2016.

Citações: wEE Or SCIENCE“ 14 | SCBPUS 2

GALLIANO, L. M. ; CORREA, L. Q. ; SOBRINHO, A. ; ROSA, D. L. ; GOMES, F. M. S. ; MELO, M. P. ; DOMINGUES, M.
R.; HALLAL, PEDRO C.. Bolsas de ensino e pesquisa para a Educação Física no Brasil concedidas pelo CNPq: análise
temporal de 2005 a 2014. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 21, p. 85, 2016.

DUCA, G. F. D. ; Nahas, MV ; GARCIA, L M. T. ; SILVA, S. G. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; PERES, M. A. . Active
commuting reduces sociodemographic differences in adherence to recommendations derived from leisure-time physical
activity among Brazilian adults. Public Health (London) JR, p. 1-1, 2016.

Citações: wEROFSCENCE“ 7 | SCHPUS3

BRAZENDALE, KEITH ; BEETS, MICHAEL W. ; BORNSTEIN, DANIEL B. ; MOORE, JUSTIN B. ; PATE, RUSSELL R.
WEAVER, ROBERT G. ; FALCK, RYAN S. ; CHANDLER, JESSICA L. ; ANDERSEN, LARS B. ; ANDERSSEN, SIGMUND A. ;
CARDON, GREET ; COOPER, ASHLEY ; DAVEY, RACHEL ; FROBERG, KARSTEN ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; JANZ, KATHLEEN F.
KORDAS, KATARZYNA ; KRIEMLER, SUSI; PUDER, JARDENA J. ; REILLY, JOHN 3. ; SALMON, JO ; SARDINHA, LUIS B. ;
TIMPERIO, ANNA ; VAN SLUDS, ESTHER M.F. . Equating accelerometer estimates among youth: The Rosetta Stone 2.
Journal of Science and Medicine in Sport JR, v. 19, p. 242-249, 2016.

Citações: wEE OF SCENCE“ 23 | SCBPUS 7

SHERAR, LAUREN B ; GRIFFIN, TOM P; EKELUND, ULF ; COOPER, ASHLEY R ; ESLIGER, DALE W ; VAN SLUDS,
ESTHER M F; BO ANDERSEN, LARS ; CARDON, GREET ; DAVEY, RACHEL ; FROBERG, KARSTEN ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ;
JANZ, KATHLEEN F; KORDAS, KATARZYNA ; KRIEMLER, SUSI ; PATE, RUSSELL R ; PUDER, JARDENA J ; SARDINHA, LUIS
B; TIMPERIO, ANNA F ; PAGE, ANGIE S . Association between maternal education and objectively measured physical
activity and sedentary time in adolescents. Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health (1979) JR, v. 1, p. jech-2015-
205763, 2016.

Citações: wEROrSCENCE“ 31 | SCBPUS 7

CHIARI, BRASÍLIA M. ; GROSSI, DÉBORA B. ; FERNANDES, FERNANDA D. ; FERREIRA, LESLIE P. ; MELLO, MARCO T.
; Hallal, Pedro C. ; FONSECA, SÉRGIO T. . Research productivity grants: Physical Education, Physical Therapy, Speech
Pathology, and Occupational Therapy. Revista Brasileira de Fisioterapia (Online) JER, v. 20, p. 1-3, 2016.

 

 

  

Citações: viEB or science» 4

SCHMIDT, MARIA INÊS ; DUNCAN, BRUCE B. ; CASTILHOS, CRISTINA ; WENDLAND, ELIANA MÁRCIA ; Hallal,
Pedro C. ; SCHAAN, BEATRIZ D?AGORD ; DREHMER, MICHELE ; COSTA E FORTI, ADRIANA ; FAÇANHA, CRISTINA ;
NUNES, MARIA ANGÉLICA . Lifestyle INtervention for Diabetes prevention After pregnancy (LINDA-Brasil): study protocol for
a multicenter randomized controlled trial. BMC Pregnancy and Childbirth (Online) 12x, v. 16, p. 1-12, 2016.
Citações: wEBCrsúENcE= 13 | SCOPUS 3

DEVAKUMAR, D. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; HORTA, B. L. ; BARROS, F.C. ; WELLS, J. C. K. . Association between Birth
Interval and Cardiovascular Outcomes at 30 Years of Age: A Prospective Cohort Study from Brazil. Plos One J€R, v. 11, p.
74.

75.

76.

77.

78.

79.

80.

81.

82.

83.

85.

86.

87.

88.

89.

90.

€U149054, 2016.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 1

MIELKE, G. 1. ; BROWN, W. J. ; NUNES, B. P. ; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; Curi Hallal, P . Socioeconomic Correlates of
Sedentary Behavior in Adolescents: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. Sports Medicine (Auckland) JR, v. 1, p. 1-15,
2016.
Citações: wEzCrsuEncE= 51 | SCOPUS 11

SILVA, S. G. ; EVENSON, K. R. ; RICARDO, L. 1. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Leisure-Time Physical Activity in Pregnancy and
Maternal-Child Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials and Cohort Studies. Sports
Medicine (Auckland) JCR, v. 1, p. s40279, 2016.

BERGMANN, GABRIEL GUSTAVO ; BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; MIELKE, GRÉGORE IVEN ; CAMARGO, ALINE LINS ;
MATDASEVICH, ALICIA ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Atividade física, tempo de tela e utilização de medicamentos em
adolescentes: coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (Online) 1€R, v.
32, p. 600011715, 2016.

Citações: wezorscence= 3 | SCHPUS 1

CORDER, K. ; SHARP, S. 1. ; ATKIN, A. J. ; ANDERSEN, LB. ; CARDON, G. ; PAGE, A. ; DAVEY, R.; GRONTVED, A. ;
Curi Hallal, P; JANZ, K. F. ; KORDAS, K. ; KRIEMLER, S. ; PUDER, J.]. ; SARDINHA, L. B. ; EKELUND, U. ; SLUDS, E. M.
F. V. . Age-related patterns of vigorous-intensity physical activity in youth: The International Children's Accelerometry
Database. Preventive Medidne Reports, v. 4, p. 17-22, 2016.

HULTEEN, RYAN M. ; SMITH, JORDAN ]. ; MORGAN, PHILIP 3. ; BARNETT, LISA M. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; LUBANS,
DAVID R. . Global Participation In Specific Leisure-Time Physical Activities. MEDICINE AND SCIENCE IN SPORTS AND
EXERCISEJER, v. 48, p. 775, 2016.

SILVA, BRUNA GC ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C. ; QUANJER, PHILIP H. ; PEREZ-PADILLA, ROGELIO ; GONÇALVES,
HELEN ; HORTA, BERNARDO L. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; BARROS, FERNANDO C. ; SILVA, SHANA G. ; PRATT, MICHAEL ;
MENEZES, ANA MB. Physical Activity During Adolescence and Lung Fundion Gain from 15 to 18 Years of Age. Medicine and
Saence in Sports and ExerciseJcr, v. 48, p. 241, 2016.

EKELUND, ULF; 3,S.; WJ, B.; MW, F.; N, O.; KE, P.; BAUMAN, ADRIAN ; LEE, MIN ; COMMITTE, L. P.A.S.2.E.;
HALLAL, PEDRO C. Does physical activity attenuate, or even eliminate, the detrimental association of sitting time with
mortality? A harmonised meta-analysis of data from more than 1 million men and women. Lancet (British edition) ER, v. 1,
p. 1, 2016.

Citações: SCUPUS 10

Ding, D; KD, L.; TL, K.; EA, F.; PT, K.; W, V.M.; PRATT, MICHAEL ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; COMMITTEE, L P.A. 5.2. E.
« The economic burden of physical inadtivity: a global analysis of major non-communicable diseases. Lancet (British edition)
JER, V. 1, p. 1, 2016.

Citações: SCOPUS 10

REIS, RODRIGO S. ; Salvo, D. ; D, O.; EV, L.;S,G.; Brownson RC; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; COMMITTEE,, L. P.A.S.2.E..
Scaling up physical activity interventions worldwide: stepping up to larger and smarter approaches to get people moving.
Lancet (British edition) JR, v. 1, p. 1, 2016.

Citações: SCOPUS 10

SALLIS, JAMES F ; BULL, FIONA ; GUTHOLD, REGINA ; HEATH, GREGORY W ; INOUE, SHIGERU ; KELLY, PAUL ;
OYEYEMI, ADEWALE L ; PEREZ, LILIAN G ; RICHARDS, JUSTIN ; HALLAL, PEDRO C . Progress in physical activity over the
Olympic quadrennium. Lancet (British edition) J€R, v. 1, p. 1, 2016.

Citações: wEZOrscEncE= 372 | SCOPUS 80

Hallal, Pedro C.; MELO, VICTOR ANDRADE DE . Crescendo e enfraquecendo: um olhar sobre os rumos da Educação
Física no Brasil. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE CIÊNCIAS DO ESPORTE, v. 1, p. 1, 2016.
Citações: SCUPUS 1

SANTOS, INA S. ; BASSANI, DIEGO G. ; MATDASEVICH, ALICIA ; HALAL, CAMILA S. ; DEL-PONTE, BIANCA ; DA
CRUZ, SUÉLEN HENRIQUES ; ANSELMI, LUCIANA ; ALBERNAZ, ELAINE ; FERNANDES, MICHELLE ; TOVO-RODRIGUES,
LUCIANA ; SILVEIRA, MARIANGELA F. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Infant sleep hygiene counseling (sleep trial): protocol of a
randomized controlled trial. BMC Psychiatry (Online) J€R, v. 16, p. 307, 2016.
Citações: mEZ OF sCENCE= 13

RAMIRES, V. V. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; SILVA, H. D. G..
Physical activity throughout adolescence and body composition at 18 years: 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study. The
International Journal of Behavioural Nutrition and Physical Activity (Online) 1€R, v. 13, p. 105, 2016.
Citações: wezorscence= 15 | SCGPUS 2

HALLAL, PEDRO; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; SCHMALTZ, C. ; MENOR, D. ; MALTA, D. C. ; DUARTE, H. ; HINO, A. A. ;
MIELKE, GRÉGORE 1; PRATT, M.; REIS, R. S.. Effectiveness of a scaled up physical activity intervention in Brazil: A natural
experiment. Preventive Medicine (1972. Print) J€R, v. 1, p. S0091-7435, 2016.
Citações: wEZ Cr sCENcE= 17 | SCOPUS 4

FLORINDO, A. A. ; REIS, R. S. ; FARIA JR., J. C. ; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; NAKAMURA, P. M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO .
Description of health promotion actions in Brazilian cities that received funds to develop -Academia da Saúde- program.
Revista Brasileira de Cineantropometria e Desempenho Humano, v. 18, p. 483, 2016.

HIDALGO, K. D. ; MIELKE, G. I. ; PARRA, D. C. ; LOBELO, F. ; SIMOES, E. J. ; GOMES, G. A. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ;
BRACCO, M. ; MOURA, L. ; BROWNSON, R. ; PRATT, M. ; RAMOS, L. R.; HALLAL, P. C.. Health promoting practices and
personal lifestyle behaviors of Brazilian health professionals. BMC Public Health (Online) JR, v. 16, p. 1114, 2016.

Citações: mEZ OF sCENCE= 13
91.

92.

93.

94.

95.

96.

97.

98.

99.

100.

101.

102.

103.

104.

105.

106.

107.

SOARES, €C. A. M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO . Interdependência entre a participação em aulas de Educação Fisica e níveis
de atividade física de jovens brasileiros: estudo ecológico. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 20, p.
588, 2016.

MURRAY, JOSEPH ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; MIELKE, GREGORE 1; RAINE, ADRIAN ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO C ;
BARROS, FERNANDO . Heart rate reactivity and antisocial behaviour: Table 1.. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF
EPIDEMIOLOGY HER, v. 45, p. 1687-1689, 2016.

KNUTH, ALAN G ; SILVA, INÁCIO CROCHEMORE M ; VAN HEES, VINCENT T ; CORDEIRA, KELLY ; MATDASEVICH,
ALÍCIA ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; SANTOS, INÁ ; EKELUND, ULF ; Hallal, Pedro Curi. Objectively-measured physical activity
in children is influenced by social indicators rather than biological lifecourse factors: Evidence from a Brazilian cohort.
PREVENTIVE MEDICINEJCR, v. 97, p. 40-44, 2016.

GALLIANO, LEONY ; SEUS, THAMIRES ; PEIXOTO, MÁRCIO ; SILVA, WILLIAM ; SILVEIRA, DENISE ; VECCHIO,
FABRÍCIO ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; SIQUEIRA, FERNANDO . Intervenção com atividade física em uma Unidade Básica de Saúde
- Projeto UBS+Ativa: Aspectos metodológicos. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 21, p. 571-580, 2016.

SEGHETO, WELLINGTON ; COELHO, FRANCE ARAÚJO ; CRISTINA GUIMARÃES DA SILVA, DANIELLE ; Hallal, Pedro
Curi; MARINS, JOÃO CARLOS BOUZAS ; RIBEIRO, ANDREIA QUEIROZ ; PESSOA, MILENE CRISTINE ; MORAIS, SÍLVIA
HELENA O. ; LONGO, GIANA ZARBATO . Validity of body adiposity index in predicting body fat in Brazilians adults. American
Journal of Human Biology ICR, v. 29, p. €22901, 2016.

Citações: wEZCrsqENcE= 18 | SCOPUS 18

MARTINS, RAFAELA COSTA ; REICHERT, FELIPE FOSSATI ; BIELEMANN, RENATA MORAES ; Hallal, Pedro Curi .
One-year Stability of Objectively Measured Physical Activity in Young Brazilian Adults. Journal of Physical Activity & Health
JER, v. 14, p. 1-16, 2016.

DA SILVA, SHANA G. ; DA SILVA, BRUNA G C; COLL, CAROLINA V N ; DOMINGUES, MARLOS R. ; EVENSON, KELLY
R.; Hallal, Pedro C. . Effects of an Exerdse Intervention on Gestational Weight Gain. MEDICINE AND SCIENCE IN SPORTS
AND EXERCISEJCR, v. 48, p. 644, 2016.

DA SILVA, BRUNA GONÇALVES CORDEIRO ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO CÉSAR ; QUANJER, PHILIP H. ; PÉREZ-
PADILLA, ROGELIO ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ; HORTA, BERNARDO LESSA ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; BARROS, FERNANDO ; 5
MENEZES, ANA MARIA BAPTISTA . Physical Activity in Early Adolescence and Pulmonary Function Gain From 15 to 18 Years
of Age in a Birth Cohort in Brazil. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 13, p. 1164-1173, 2016.

DA SILVA, INACIO C. M. ; PAYNE, VALERIE L. C. ; HINO, ADRIANO AKIRA ; VARELA, ANDREA RAMIREZ ; REIS,
RODRIGO S. ; EKELUND, ULF ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Physical Activity and Safety from Crime among Adults: A Systematic
Review. Journal of Physical Activity & HealthJeR, v. 13, p. 663-670, 2016.

FERMINO, R. ; REIS, R. S. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; KACZYNSKI, A. T. . Who Are the Users of Urban
Parks? A Study With Adults From Curitiba, Brazil. Journal of Physical Activity & Health J€R, v. 12, p. 58-67, 2015.
Citações: wEZCrsuENcE= 14 | SCOPUS 8

SALVO, D. ; REIS, R. S. ; HINO, A. A. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; PRATT, M. . Intensity-Specific Leisure-Time Physical
Activity and The Built Environment Among Brazilian Adults: A Best-Fit Model. Journal of Physical Activity & HealthJ0R, v. 12,
p. 307-318, 2015.
Citações: WEZ OrSCENCE= 11 | SCSPUS 1

D, M.; HALLAL, P. C.; P, G. ; GARCIA E, L. ; F., R. . Nonexercise Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Mortality in Older
Adults. Medicine and Science in Sports and Exeráseler, v. 47, p. 568-574, 2015.
Citações: mezorsaence= 13 | SCGPUS 5

BORGES, T. T. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; BARROS, F. C. .
Association between birth weight and objectively measured sedentary time is mediated by central adiposity: data in 10,793
youth from the International Children's Accelerometry Database. American Journal of Clinical Nutrition JCR, v. 101, p. 983-
990, 2015.
Citações: wEZCrscENcE- 21 | SCOPUS 6

PRATT, M. ; Perez, LG; Goenka, S ; BROWNSON, R. ; BAUMAN, A. E. ; SARMIENTO, O. L. ; Hallal, Pedro C.. Can
Population Levels of Physical Activity be Increased. Global Evidence and Experience. Progress in Cardiovascular Diseases 1€R
|V. 57, p. 356-367, 2015.

Citações: wEZOr=cIENCE“ 68 | SCOPUS 15

GONÇALVES, HELEN ; MACHADO, EDUARDO COELHO ; SOARES, ANA LUIZA GONÇALVES ; CAMARGO-FIGUERA,
FABIO ALBERTO ; SEERING, LENISE MENEZES ; MESENBURG, MARÍLIA ARNDT ; GUTTIER, MARÍLIA CRUZ ; BARCELOS,
RAQUEL SIQUEIRA ; BUFFARINI, ROMINA ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA CECÍLIA FORMOSO ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; MENEZES, ANA
MARIA BAPTISTA . Início da vida sexual entre adolescentes (10 a 14 anos) e comportamentos em saúde. Revista Brasileira
de Epidemiologia, v. 18, p. 25-41, 2015.

FLORINDO, A. A. ; BROWNSON, R. ; MIELKE, G. IL. ; GOMES, G. A. ; PARRA, D. C. ; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; LOBELO, F. ;
SIMOES, E. J. ; RAMOS, L. R. ; BRACCO, M. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Association of knowledge, preventive counseling and
personal health behaviors on physical activity and consumption of fruits or vegetables in Community Health Workers. BMC
Public Health (Online) JR, v. 15, p. 344, 2015.

Citações: wERCOFSCENCE“ 15 | SCDPUS 4

MIELKE, G. 1. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; RODRIGUES, G. B. A. ; SZWARCWALD, C. L. ; SANTOS, F. V. ; MALTA, D.C. .
Prática de atividade física e hábito de assistir à televisão entre adultos no Brasil: Pesquisa Nacional de Saúde 2013.
EPIDEMIOLOGIA E SERVICOS DE SAUDE, v. 24, p. 277-286, 2015.

Citações: wezorscence“ 26 | SCGPUS 9

SILVA, 1. C. M. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; NUNES, B. P. ; BOHM, A. W. ; BLANKE, A. O. ; NACHTIGALL, M. S. ; CRUZ, M. F.;

MARTINS, R. C. ; MULLER, W. A. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C.. Espaços públicos de lazer: distribuição, qualidade e adequação à

 

   
108.

109.

110.

111.

112.

113.

114.

115.

116.

117.

118.

119.

120.

121.

122.

123.

124.

125.

prática de atividade física. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Fisica e Saúde, v. 20, p. 82-92, 2015.

CORNEJO, 1. E. ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C.;
EKELUND, U. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Physical activity throughout adolescence and cognitive performance at 18 years of
age. Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise JR, v. 47, p. 2552-2557, 2015.
Citações: wiEE Cr sSCENCE“ 10 | SCHPUS 5

DOMINGUES, MARLOS RODRIGUES ; BASSANI, DIEGO GARCIA ; DA SILVA, SHANA GINAR ; COLL, CAROLINA DE
VARGAS NUNES ; DA SILVA, BRUNA GONÇALVES CORDEIRO ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Physical activity during pregnancy and
maternal-child health (PAMELA): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial. Trials (London) JR, v. 16, p. 227, 2015.
Citações: wEzorsueNcE= 21 | SCOPUS 5

ROMBALDI, AÍRTON 3. ; PELLANDA, LÚCIA C. ; BIELEMANN, RENATA M. ; GIGANTE, DENISE P. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ;
HORTA, BERNARDO L. . Cross-Sectional and Prospective Associations between Physical Activity and C-Reactive Protein in
Males. Plos OneJ€R, v. 10, p. 0125984, 2015.
Citações: Ez or scence= 2

MUNIZ, LUDMILA CORREA ; MENEZES, ANA MARIA BAPTISTA ; ASSUNÇÃO, MARIA CECÍLIA FORMOSO ; MARTÍNEZ-
MESA, JEOVANY ; WEHRMEISTER, FERNANDO CESAR ; HOWE, LAURA D ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; GONÇALVES, HELEN ;
BARROS, FERNANDO C.. Body mass index at 11 years and bone mass at age 18: path analysis within the 1993 Pelotas
(Brazil) birth cohort study. BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders (Online) J€R, v. 16, p. 71, 2015.
Citações: wiEZ or science 4

BAUMAN, ADRIAN ; MCGILL, BRONWYN ; POWELL, KEN ; LEE, I-MIN ; HEATH, GREG ; PRATT, MICHAEL ; KOHL,
HAROLD W ; HALLAL, PEDRO . Tackling obesity: challenges ahead. Lancet (British edition) JR, v. 386, p. 741-742, 2015.
Citações: wEZCrsúENcE= 2 | SCOPUS 1

HORTA, B. L.; SCHAAN, B. D. ; BIELEMANN, R. M. ; VIANNA, C. A. ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci ; BARROS, F.C. ;
EKELUND, U. ; HALLAL, PEDRO . Objectively measured physical activity and sedentary-time are associated with arterial
stiffness in Brazilian young adults. Atherosclerosis (Amsterdam) JR, v. 243, p. 148-154, 2015.
Citações: wiEEOrscCENcE“ 30 | SCHPUS 9

BRIZIO, M. L. R. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Physical Activity and Lung Cancer: A Case-Control Study
in Brazil. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 13, p. 257-261, 2015.

BARCELLOS, F.C. ; SANTOS, I. S. ; MORAES, D. U. ; BOHLKE, M. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Effects of Exercise in the
whole Spectrum of Chronic Kidney Disease: a Systematic Review. Clinical Kidney Journal JR, v. 8, p. 753-765, 2015.

Citações: wEROFSCENCE“ 83 | SCEGPUS 23

COLL, C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; SANTOS, L. S. ; MATIACEVICH, A. ; HORTA, Bernardo ; HALLAL, PEDRO C.
Changes in Leisure-Time Physical Activity From the Pre-Pregnancy to the Postpartum Period: 2004 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth
Cohort Study. Journal of Physical Activity & Health 1€R, v. 13, p. 361-365, 2015.
Citações: wEs or scence= 20 | SCGPUS 4

BANDEIRA, F. M. ; FREITAS, M. P. ; LASZLO, M. ; SILVA, M. C. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Mode of
administration does matter: comparability study using IPAQ. Motriz : Revista de Educação Física (Online) JR, v. 21, p. 370-
374, 2015.

KNUTH, A. ; SILVA, IL. C. M.; HALLAL, P. €. . Description of the school environment related to physical education
classes, recess, extracurricular activities and physical spaces in the city of Pelotas, RS, Brazil. Revista Brasileira de Atividade
Física e Saúde, v. 20, p. 524, 2015.

MANTEIGA, ALICIA M. ; WALKER, LAUREN E. ; PARRA, DIANA C. ; BROWNSON, ROSS C. ; Hallal, Pedro C. .

Collaboration to Promote Physical Activity: Lessons from the Americas. Health Behavior and Policy Review, v. 2, p. 305-316,
2015.

 

Citações: mes or science» 1
RAMIREZ, A. ; MARTINS, R. C. ; Curi Hallal, P. Observatório global de atividade física: monitoramento de uma
pandemia do século 21. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 20, p. 327, 2015.

BORGES, THIAGO T. ; POST GRADUATE PROGRAM OF HEALTH AND BEHAVIOUR, CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF
PELOTAS, BRAZIL. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; DA SILVA, INACIO CROCHEMORE ; MIELKE, GRÉGORE IVEN ; ROMBALDI, AIRTON
J. ; BARROS, FERNANDO C. . Association Between Knowledge and Practice in the Field of Physical Activity and Health: A
Population-Based Study. Journal of Physical Activity & HealthJCR, v. 12, p. 1005-1009, 2015.

Citações: mes crscence- 2 | SCOPUS 1

HUBERT DEPT OF GLOBAL HEALTH, ROLLINS SCHOOL OF PUBLIC HEALTH, EMORY UNIVERSITY, ATLANTA, GA. ;
PRATT, MICHAEL ; RAMIREZ, ANDREA ; MARTINS, RAFAELA ; BAUMAN, ADRIAN ; HEATH, GREGORY ; KOHL, HAROLD ;
LEE, I MIN ; POWELL, KENNETH ; HALLAL, PEDRO . 127 Steps Toward a More Active World. Journal of Physical Activity &
HealthJCR, v. 12, p. 1193-1194, 2015.

Citações: mezorscence” 7 | SEDPUS 4

MANNOCCI, A. ; RAMIREZ, A. ; MASALA, D. ; VITO, E. ; VILLARI, P. ; Curi Hallal, P . Italy physical activity country
profile: results from the first set of country cards of the Global Observatory for Physical Activity - GOPA!. Epidemiology
Biostatistics and Public Health, v. 12, p. e11649- 1, 2015.
Citações: wEZ or science 1

MIELKE, GRÉGORE IVEN ; MALTA, DEBORAH CARVALHO ; SÁ, GISELE BALBINO ARAÚJO RODRIGUES DE ; REIS,
RODRIGO SIQUEIRA ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Diferenças regionais e fatores associados à prática de atividade física no lazer
no Brasil: resultados da Pesquisa Nacional de Saúde-2013. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Online), v. 18, p. 158-169,
2015.

RICARDO, LUIZA ; ROMBALDI, AIRTON ; KOPP, DANIELE ; FERREIRA, RODRIGO ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; AZEVEDO,
MARIO . Stages of Change for physical activity after a school-based intervention: a cross-sectional study. REVISTA
126.

127.

128.

129.

130.

131.

132.

133.

134.

135.

136.

137.

138.

139.

140.

141.

142.

BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, v. 20, p. 569, 2015.

PERES, K. G. ; PERES, M. A. ; THOMSON, WILLIAM MURRAY ; BROADBENT, J. ; Curi Hallal, P; MENEZES, ANA BATISTA .
Deciduous-dentition malocclusion predicts orthodontic treatment needs later: Findings from a population-based birth cohort
study. AMERICAN JOURNAL OF ORTHODONTICS AND DENTOFACIAL ORTHOPEDICSJER, v. 147, p. 492-498, 2015.

Citações: wiEE OF SCENCE“ 22 | SCHPUS 2
REICHERT, FELIPE FOSSATI ; WELLS, JONATHAN ; EKELUND, U. ; Menezes, A. M B; VICTORA, CESAR G ; HALLAL,
PEDRO C. Prospective Associations Between Physical Activity Level and Body Composition in Adolescence: 1993 Pelotas
(Brazil) Birth Cohort.. Journal of Physical Activity & HealthJCR, v. 12, p. 834-839, 2015.
Citações: Ez or scencE= 2

REIS, R. S. ; HINO, A. A. F. ; CRUZ, K. A.C; LE. S. F. ; MALTA, D. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C..
Promoting physical activity and quality of life in Vitoria, Brazil: evaluation of the Exercise Orientation Service (EOS) Program.
Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 1, p. 38-44, 2014.
Citações: mezorsaence- 7 | SCOPUS 5
ROMBALDI, Airton José ; SILVA, M. C. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; RAMIRES, V. V. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Fatores de risco para doenças
crônicas não transmissíveis em estudantes de educação física ingressantes e formandos. Revista Brasileira de Ciências do
Esporte, v. 36, p. 13-27, 2014.

BERGMANN, G. G. ; BERGMANN, M. L. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Independent and Combined Associations of
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Fatness With Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Brazilian Youth. Journal of Physical Activity &
HealthJcr, v. 11, p. 375-383, 2014.

Citações: viEZOF=SCENCE“ 9 | SCOPUS 8

BIELEMANN, R. M. ; RAMIRES, V. V.; GIGANTE, D. P.; HALLAL, P. C.; HORTA, B. L. . Longitudinal and Cross-
Sectional Associations of Physical Activity With Triglyceride and HDLc Levels in Young Male Adults. Journal of Physical
Activity & Health JCR, v. 11, p. 784-789, 2014.

Citações: mEZ CF sCENCE= 3

COLLARES, K. ; CORREA, M. B. ; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; DEMARCO, F. F. . Effect of wearing
mouthguards on the physical performance of soccer and futsal players: a randomized cross-over study. Dental
Traumatology (Print) JCR, v. 30, p. 55-59, 2014.

Citações: wmezcrscence- 13 | SCOPUS3

SILVA, 1. C. M. ; KNUTH, A. ; MIELKE, G. L. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Trends in Leisure-
Time Physical Activity in a Southern Brazilian City: 2003-2010. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 11, p. 1313-1317,
2014.

Citações: wezorscencE= 6 | SCDPUS 2
ROMBALDI, Airton José ; SILVA, M. C. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Fatores associados
ao consumo de dietas ricas em gordura em adultos de uma cidade no sul do Brasil. Ciência e Saúde Coletiva (Impresso) J€R,
v. 19, p. 1513-1521, 2014.
Citações: wEzCrsúENcE= 7 | SCOHPUS3
COLL, C. N. ; KNUTH, A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; BASTOS, J. P. ; BERTOLDI, Andréa D. Time trends of physical activity
among Brazilian adolescents over a 7-year period. Journal of Adolescent Health JCR, v. 54, p. 209-213, 2014.

 

 

Citações: wEZ Cr suENcE= 14 | SCOPUS 9

HALLAL, P. C.; CORDEIRA, K. ; KNUTH, A. ; MIELKE, G. I. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Ten-Year Trends in Total Physical
Activity Practice in Brazilian Adults: 2002-2012. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 11, p. 1525-1530, 2014.
Citações: wezorscence= 14 | SCGPUS3

HOWE, L ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MATDASEVICH, A. ; Wells, J. ; SANTOS, 1. S. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; LAWLOR, D. ;
VICTORA, C. G. ; SMITH, G. D. . The association of birth order with later body mass index and blood pressure: a
comparison between prospective cohort studies from the United Kingdom and Brazil. International Journal of Obesity JCR, v.
38, p. 973-979, 2014.
Citações: wEzorscencE“ 7 | SCDPUS 4

DUCA, G. F. D. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Atividades físicas no lazer entre adultos de Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, Brasil:
estudo populacional sobre as características das práticas e de seus praticantes. Ciência e Saúde Coletiva (Impresso) JR, v.
19, p. 4595-4604, 2014.
Citações: wEzCrsúENcE= 5 | SCOPUS 2

RECH, C. R.; REIS, R. S. ; HINO, A. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Personal, social and environmental correlates of physical
activity in adults from Curitiba, Brazil. Preventive Medicine (1972. Print) J€R, v. 58, p. 53-57, 2014.
Citações: wEz Cr suENcE= 28 | SCOPUS 23

FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. ; REIS, R. S. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Physical activity, psychosocial and perceived environmental
factors in adolescents from Northeastern Brazil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 30, p. 941-951, 2014.
Citações: wezorscence= 5 | SCHPUS3

HALLAL, PEDRO C; MARTINEZ-MESA, 1. ; COLL, C. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; MENDES, M. A. ; PEIXOTO, M. B. ; MUNHOZ,
T. N.; RAMIRES, V. V. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B . Physical Activity at 11 Years of
Age and Incidence of Mental Health Problems in Adolescence: Prospective Study. Journal of Physical Activity & Health 1€R, v.
12, p. 535-539, 2014.
Citações: wezorscencE= 4 | SCOPUS 1

GOETTEMS, M. L. ; Schuch, H.S ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; TORRIANI, D. D. ; DEMARCO, F. F.. Nutritional status and
physical activity level as risk factor for traumatic dental injuries occurrence: a systematic review.. Dental Traumatology
(Print) JER, v. 30, p. 251-258, 2014.

Citações: wezorsaence= 14 | SCHPUS 8
143.

144.

145.

146.

147.

148.

149.

150.

151.

152.

153.

154.

155.

156.

157.

158.

159.

160.

161.

MIELKE, G. 1. ; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; OWEN, N. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Brazilian adults sedentary behaviors by life domain:
population-based study?. Plos One ICR, v. 9, p. €91614, 2014.
Citações: wEzcrsqeNcE- 31 | SCOPUS3

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; CAMARGO, A. L. ; Silveira, M.P.T ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; SILVA, H.
D. G.; HALLAL, PEDRO C . Self-medication among adolescents aged 18 years: The 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort
Study. Journal of Physical Activity & HealthJoR, v. 1, p. 1-7, 2014.

Citações: wER Or SCENCE“ 13 | SCEBPUS 5

GONÇALVES, H. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; OLIVEIRA, 1. ; BARROS, F. C. ; VICTORA, C. G.;
HALLAL, PEDRO C ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Cohort Profile update: The 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort follow-up visits in
adolescence. International Journal of Epidemiology J€R, v. 1, p. 1-1088, 2014.
Citações: wEZ Cr suENcE= 77 | SCOPUS 35

GOMES, G. A. ; KOKUBUN, E. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; RAMOS, L R.; PRATT, M. ; PARRA, D. C. ; SIMOES, E. 3. ; FLORINDO,
A. A. ; BRACCO, M. ; CRUZ, K. A.C; MALTA, D. C. ; LOBELO, F. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C. Characteristics of Physical Activity
Programs in Primary Health Care in Brazil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JER, v. 30, p. 2155-2168, 2014.
Citações: WEZ OFSCENCE* 14 | SEDPUS 8

ROMBALDI, Airton José ; SILVA, M. C. ; BARBOSA, M. T. ; PINTO, R. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C.;
SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes . Prevalência e fatores associados à ocorrência de lesões em praticantes de atividades físicas
no tempo de lazer: estudo transversal de base populacional. Revista Brasileira de Medicina do Esporte (Impresso) JR, v. 20,
p. 190-194, 2014.
Citações: wEZ OF SCIENCE“ 1 | SCDPUS 2

BIELEMANN, R. M. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; HORTA, B. L. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B; SILVA, H. D. G. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C.
F.; HALLAL, P. C.. Physical activity throughout adolescence and bone mineral density in early adulthood: the 1993 Pelotas
(Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. Osteoporosis International CR, v. 28, p. 2007-2015, 2014.
Citações: wezorscencE= 6 | SCDPUS 3

MARTINEZ-GOMEZ, D. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B; GONÇALVES, H. ; Barros, F.C; Curi Hallal, P .
Active commuting throughout adolescence and central fatness before adulthood: prospective birth cohort study. Plos One
JER, v. 9, p. 96634, 2014.
Citações: wEzCrsoENcE= 11 | SCOPUS 5
Curi Hallal, P; REIS, R. S. . 5º Congresso Internacional de Atividade Física e Saúde Pública no Brasil: daqui pra frente tudo
será diferente?. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 19, p. 141-141, 2014.

GOETTEMS, M. ; TORRIANI, D. D. ; Curi Hallal, P; CORREA, M. B. ; MARCO, F. F.. Dental trauma: prevalence and
risk factors in schoolchildren'. Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology JR, v. 1, p. 1-10, 2014.

 

 

Citações: wEzorscencE= 21 | SCGPUS 13

SPOHR, C. F. ; FORTES, M. O. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Atividade física e saúde
na Educação Física escolar: efetividade de um ano do projeto “Educação Física +-. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e
Saúde, v. 19, p. 300-313, 2014.

AZEVEDO, M. R. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; ARUMI, I. ; HORTA, Bernardo ;
HALLAL, PEDRO C.. Tracking of physical activity throughout adolescence: The 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort. Revista
de Saúde Pública (Impresso) JR, v. 48, p. 925-930, 2014.
Citações: wiEZOFSCENCE“ 8 | SCOHPUS3

PERES, KAREN GLAZER ; PERES, MARCO AURÉLIO ; DEMARCO, FLAVIO FERNANDO ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci ;
HORTA, BERNARDO LESSA ; MENEZES, ANA MARIA BAPTISTA ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; MATDASEVICH, ALÍCIA ; SANTOS,
INÁ SILVA ; BARROS, Aluísio  D. A saúde bucal nas coortes de nascimentos de Pelotas, RS, Brasil. Revista Brasileira de
Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 17, p. 281-284, 2014.

BOING, ALEXANDRA CRISPIM ; PERES, KAREN GLAZER ; BOING, ANTONIO FERNANDO ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ;
SILVA, NILZA NUNES ; PERES, MARCO AURÉLIO . EpiFloripa Health Survey: the methodological and operational aspects
behind the scenes. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 17, p. 147-162, 2014.

Citações: SCSPUS 9

HALLAL, P. C.; MARTINS, R. C. ; RAMIREZ, A. . The Lancet Physical Activity Observatory: promoting physical activity
worldwide. Lancet (British edition) J€R, v. 384, p. 471-472, 2014.

Citações: wEzCrsuEncE- 36 | SCOPUS 24

MENDES, M. A. ; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; Curi Hallal, P; TOMASI, E. . Physical Activity and Perceived Insecurity from Crime
in Adults: a Population-Based Study. Plos One J€R, v. 9, p. e108136, 2014.

Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= O | SCHPUS 4

MIELKE, GRÉGORE 1 ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; MALTA, DEBORAH C ; LEE, I-MIN . Time trends of physical activity and
television viewing time in Brazil: 2006-2012. The International Journal of Behavioural Nutrition and Physical Activity (Online)
JeR, v. 11, p. 101-110, 2014.

Citações: wER Cr SCIENCE“ 32 | SCDBPUS 11

SOUZA, A. S. S. ; SILVA, S. G. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C . Tendências temporais de atividade física e
comportamento sedentário em Porto Alegre, Brasil: 206-2012. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 19, p. 514-
522, 2014.

DOMINGUES, M. R. ; MATDASEVICH, A. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; HORTA, Bernardo ; SANTOS, 1.
S.. Physical Activity during Pregnancy and Offspring Neurodevelopment and IQ in the First 4 Years of Life. Plos OneJcr, v.
9, p. e110050, 2014.

Citações: WEB OF SCENCE“ 15 | SEBPUS 5
162.

163.

164.

165.

166.

167.

168.

169.

170.

171.

172.

173.

174.

175.

176.

177.

178.

179.

180.

SILVA, 1. C. M. ; HEES, V. V. ; KNUTH, A. ; BIELEMANN, R. M.; EKELUND, U. ; BRAGE, 5. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi .
Physical activity levels. in three Brazilian birth cohorts as assessed váth raw triaxial wrist accelerometry. International Journal
of Epidemiology IR, v. 43, p. 1959-1968, 2014.

Citações: wEzorscence= 96 | SCOPUS 34

ATKIN, A. J. ; SHARP, S. J. ; CORDER, K. ; SLUDS, E. M. V. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; COLLABORATORS, O. B. O. T. 1...
Prevalence and Correlates o Screen time in Youth: An International Perspective. American Journal of Preventive Medicine
JER, V. 1, p. 100, 2014.

SANTOS, P. M. ; MARINHO, A. ; MAZO, G. Z. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Atividades no lazer e qualidade de vida de idosos
de um programa de extensão universitária em Florianópolis (SC). REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, NA
19, p. 494-503, 2014.

RAPHAELLI, C. O. ; NAKAMURA, P. M. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Comportamentos de risco à saúde de
irmãos e sua influência nos adolescentes. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 19, p. 744-754, 2014.

HALLAL, P. C.. Editorial - Atividade física e saúde no Brasil: pesquisa, vigilância e políticas. Cadernos de Saúde Pública
(ENSP. Impresso) JR, v. 30, p. 1-3, 2014.

Citações: wEROrSCENCE“ 4 | SCOHPUS 1
Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; ANTES, D. L. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Quedas e fraturas entre residentes de instituições de longa
permanência para idosos. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 16, p. 68-76, 2013.

BERGMANN, G. G. ; BERGMANN, M. L. A. ; MOREIRA, R. B. ; PINHEIRO, E. S. ; MARQUES, A. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; GAYA, A.
« Propostas de classificação da aptidão cardiorrespiratória de crianças e adolescentes: revisão de literatura. Revista Brasileira
de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 18, p. 273-285, 2013.

GOETTEMS, M. L ; CORREA, M. B. ; FERREIRA, F. V. ; TORRIANI, D. D. ; MARQUES, M. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ;
HALLAL, P. C. ; DEMARCO, F. F. . Methods and logistics of a multidisdplinary survey of schoolchildren from Pelotas, in the
Southern Region of Brazil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) CR, v. 29, p. 867-878, 2013.
Citações: wEzCrsuEncE= 31 | SCOPUS 16

Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; Nahas, MV ; Garda, LMT ; MOTA, J. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PERES, M. A. . Prevalence and
sociodemographic correlates of all domains of physical activity in Brazilian adults. Preventive Medicine (1972. Print) JR, v.
56, p. 99-102, 2013.
Citações: wiEE OF SCIENCE“ 27 | SCDPUS 23

REIS, R. S. ; HINO, A. A. F. ; PARRA, D.C. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; BROWNSON, R. . Bicycling and walking for
transportation in three brazilian cities. American Journal of Preventive MedicineJEr, v. 44, p. e9-e17, 2013.
Citações: WEZ OF SCIENCE“ 44 | SCDPUS 14

Hoehner C M ; RIBEIRO, 1. C. ; PARRA, D.C. ; REIS, R. S. ; AZEVEDO, M. R.; HINO, A. A. ; SOARES, J. ; HALLAL, P.
€. ; SIMOES, E. J. ; Brownson RC. Physical Activity Interventions in Latin America Expanding and Classifying the Evidence.
American Journal of Preventive MedicineJER, v. 44, p. e31-e40, 2013.

Citações: wEzorscEncE“ 52 | SCOPUS 28

AMORIN, T. C. ; KNUTH, A. ; CRUZ, K. A.C; MALTA, D.C. ; REIS, R. S. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Descrição dos programas
munidpais de promoção da atividade física financiados pelo Ministério da Saúde. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e
Saúde, v. 18, p. 63-74, 2013.

DUCA, G. F. D. ; Nahas, MV ; SOUSA, T. F. ; MOTA, J. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PERES, K.. Clustering of physical inactivity
in leisure, work, commuting and household domains among Brazilian adults. Public Health (London) J€R, v. 127, p. 530-537,
2013.
Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 8 | SCHPUS 7

KNUTH, A. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; Goncalves, H. ; Menezes, A. M B; SANTOS, I. S. ; BARROS, Aluísio JD ;
MATDASEVICH, A. ; RAMIRES, V. V. ; ILVA, LCM. ; HALLAL, P.C. Descrição metodológica do uso de acelerometria
para mensurar a prática de atividade “física nas coortes de nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993 e 2004.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 29, p. 557-565, 2013.
Citações: mes orscence= 14 | SCGPUS 9

ASSUNCAO, M. C. F.; MUNIZ, L. C. ; SCHAFER, A. A. ; MELLER, F. O. ; CARUS, J. P. ; QUADROS, L. C. M. ;
DOMINGUES, L. R. ; SILVA, VLS. GONÇALVES, H.; HALLAL, P.C.; MENEZES, A. M. B.. Tornar-se obeso na
adolescência pode trazer consequências à saúde mental?. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) ICR, v. 29, p. 1859-
1866, 2013.
NILSON, G. ; PARDO, E. R. ; RIGO, L. C. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Espelho, espelho meu: um estudo sobre autoimagem corporal
de estudantes universitários. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 18, p. 112-120, 2013.
Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; Nahas, MV ; SILVA, D. A. S.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MALTA, D. ; PERES, M. A. . Physical Activity
Indicators in Adults from a State capital iin South of Brazil: a Comparison Between Telephone and Face-to-face surveys.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) !€R, v. 29, p. 2119-2129, 2013.
Citações: wEzcrsuencE= 4 | SCOHPUS 1
Hallal, Pedro C.; REIS, R. S. . Formação de pesquisadores é prioridade da SBAFS (Editorial). Revista Brasileira de Atividade
Física e Saúde, v. 18, p. 1-1, 2013.

REIS, R. S.; HINO, A. A. ; RECH, C. R.; KERR, J. ; Curi Hallal, P. Walkability and Physical Activity: Findings from Curitiba,
Brazil. American Journal of Preventive Medicine JR, v. 45, p. 269-275, 2013.

  

Citações: wEZ Cr sCENcE= 54 | SCOPUS 7

RAMIRES, V. V. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; MIELKE, G. L. ; DOMINGUES, M. R.
físicos e incentivos à prática de atividades físicas nas indústrias de Pelotas, RS
e Saúde, v. 18, p. 226-235, 2013.

 

IALLAL, P. €. . Disponibilidade de espaços
rasil. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física

 
181.

182.

183.

184.

185.

186.

187.

188.

189.

190.

191.

192.

193.

194.

195.

196.

197.

198.

BERGMANN, G. G. ; BERGMANN, M. L. A. ; MARQUES, A. C. ;, HALLAL, P. €. . Prevalence of physical inadivity and
associated factors among adolescents from public schools in Uruguaiana, Rio Grande do Sul State, Brazil. Cadernos de
Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) 1€R, v. 29, p. 2217-2229, 2013.

Citações: wezorscence= 7 | SCHPUS 4

LEE, L. ; BAUMAN, A. E. ; BLAIR, S. N. ; Heath, G.W ; Kohl 3rd, HW ; PRATT, M. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Annual
deaths attributable to physical inactivity: whither the missing 2 million?. Lancet (British edition) JeR, v. 381, p. 992-992,
2013.

Citações: wEzorscencE= 21 | SCGPUS 10

FERMINO, R. ; REIS, R.S. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. . Perceived environment and public open space
use: a study with adults from Curitiba, Brazil. The International Journal of Behavioural Nutrition and Physical Activity
(Online) Jr, v. 10, p. 35, 2013.

FLORINDO, A. A. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; GOMES, G. A. O. ; RAMOS, L. R. ; BRACCO, M. ; PARRA, D. C. ; SIMOES, E. 1. ;
LOBELO, F.; HALLAL, P. C. . Physical activity counseling in primary health care in Brazil: a national study on prevalence
and associated factors. BMC Public Health (Online) 1€R, v. 13, p. 794, 2013.
Citações: wEZ OF SCIENCE“ 54 | SCDPUS 17

HALLAL, P. C.; REICHERT, F. F. ; CLARK, V. L ; CORDEIRA, K. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; EATON, S. ; EKELUND, U. ;
WELLS, Jonathan CK . Energy Expenditure Compared to Physical Activity Measured by Accelerometry and Self-Report in
Adolescents: A Validation Study. Plos One JR, v. 8, p. e77036, 2013.
Citações: wezorscence= 23 | SCGPUS 9

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; Murray, 3; LASZLO, M. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SILVA, H. D. G. ; ASSUNCAO,
M. C. F.; MENEZES, C. B. ; BARROS, F. C. . Happiness and Depression in Adolescence after Maternal Smoking during
Pregnancy: Birth Cohort Study. Plos One JER, v. 8, p. e80370, 2013.
Citações: wEZorsqEncE= 25 | SCGPUS 15

GONÇALVES, H. ; GONZALEZ-CHICA, D. A. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; DUMITH, S.
C. . Conhecimento sobre a transmissao de HIV/AIDS entre adolescentes com 11 anos de idade do Sul do Brasil. Revista
Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 16, p. 420-431, 2013.

KIELING, C. ; HUTZ, M. H. ; GENRO, 3. P. ; POLANCZYK, G. V. ; ANSELMI, L.; CAMEY, S. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; BARROS,
F.C. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ROHDE, L. A. . Gene-environment interaction in externalizing problems among
adolescents: evidence from the Pelotas 1993 Birth Cohort Study. Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry and Allied
Disciplines (Print) JCR, v. 54, p. 298-304, 2013.

Citações: wEZ Cr suENcE= 22 | SCOPUS 14

MORENO, C. M. C. ; BIELEMANN, R. M. ; NAKAMURA, P. M. ; GALLIANO, L. M. ; BERTOLDI, D. ; LARANGEIRA, M. ;
THUROW, H. S. ; MENDONCA, M. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Associação entre atividade física, aptidão cardiorrespiratória e
biomarcadores inflamatórios em adultos jovens aparentemente saudáveis. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v.
18, p. 501-510, 2013.

FLORINDO, ALEX ANTONIO ; FARIAS JÚNIOR, JOSÉ CAZUZA DE ; WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; Hallal, Pedro
Curi . Epidemiology of recreational football in Brazil: prevalence and association with risk factors for chronic diseases and
self-rated health in adults. Motriz : Revista de Educação Física (Online) J€R, v. 19, p. 224-230, 2013.
Citações: mEZ or sciences 2

PARRA, D. C. ; Hoehner, CM ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; REIS, R. S. ; SIMOES, E. J. ; MALTA, D.C. ; PRATT, M.;
Brownson R C. Scaling up of physical activity interventions in Brazil: how partnerships and research evidence contributed to
policy adion. Global Health Promotion (Print) CR, v. 20, p. 5-12, 2013.
Citações: wEZ Cr sqENcE= 23 | SCGPUS 9

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; KANAVOS, P. ; GV, F.; CARRARO, A. ; TEJADA, C. A. O. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi;
FERRARIO, A. ; SCHIMIDT, M. I. . Epidemiology, management, complications and costs associated with type 2 diabetes in
Brazil: a comprehensive literature review. Globalization and Health CR, v. 9, p. 62, 2013.
Citações: wEROF=SCIENCE“ 52 | SCDPUS 33

HALLAL, PEDRO C; LEE, I-MIN . Prescription of physical activity - Author's reply. Lancet (British edition) JR, v. 381,
p. 1623-1624, 2013.
Citações: wEZ OF SCIENCE“ 1 | SCDPUS 2

CORREA, M. B. ; CORDEIRA, K. ; MARQUES, M. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; MARCO, F. F. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C . School
and individual-level correlates of physical activity in children: a multilevel approach. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e
Saúde, v. 18, p. 554-565, 2013.

ADDO, O. ; STEIN, A. D. ; FALL, C. H. ; GIGANTE, Denise ; GUNTUPALLI, A. ; HORTA, BERNARDO LESSA ; KUZAWA, C. ;
LEE, N.; NORRIS, S. A.; P, P.; LM, R.; HS, S.; MARTORELL, R. ; COHORTS group ; HALLAL, P. C. . Maternal height and
child growth patterns. The Journal of Pediatrics Je, v. 163, p. 549-554, 2013.

Citações: viEE Or SCIENCE“ 103 | SCOPUS 19
Hallal, Pedro C.. Sociedade Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde: Gestão 2012/2013- Editorial. Revista Brasileira de
Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 18, p. 397-398, 2013.

ADAIR, LINDA S ; FALL, CAROLINE HD ; OSMOND, CLIVE ; STEIN, ARYEH D ; MARTORELL, REYNALDO ; RAMIREZ-
ZEA, MANUEL ; SACHDEV, HARSHPAL SINGH ; DAHLY, DARREN L ; BAS, ISABELITA ; NORRIS, SHANE A ; MICKLESFIELD,
LISA ; HALLAL, PEDRO ; VICTORA, CESAR G . Associations of linear growth and relative weight gain during early life with
adult health and human capital in countries of low and middle income: findings from five birth cohort studies. LANCET JR,
v. 382, p. 525-534, 2013.

Citações: wEE Or scCENcE“ 399 | SCOPUS 132
199.

200.

201.

202.

203.

204.

205.

206.

207.

208.

209.

210.

211.

212.

213.

214.

215.

RICHTER, L. ; VICTORA, €C. 6. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ADAIR, L. 5.; BHARGAVA, 5. ; FALL, €. ; MARTORELL, R. . Cohort
profile: The Consortium of Health Orientated Research in Transitioning Societies. International Journal of Epidemiology JR,
v. 41, p. 621-626, 2012.

Citações: wezorscence= 61 | SCOPUS 25

MENEZES, A. M. B.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MATIJACEVICH, A. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; YUDKIN, 3. ; OSMOND,
C. ; BARROS, F. C. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Adolescent blood pressure, body mass index and skinfolds: sorting out the effects of
early weight and length gains. Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health (1979) ER, v. 66, p. 149-154, 2012.
Citações: wEZorsqEncE= 25 | SCGPUS 15
HALLAL, P. C.; MATSUDO, Sandra M ; FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. . Measurement of physical activity by self-report in low and
middle-income countries: more of the same is not enough. Journal of Physical Activity & HealthJCR, v. 1, p. S88-S90, 2012.
Citações: SCOPUS 9
DUMITH, S. C. ; GIGANTE, D. P. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; KOHL, H. W. . A longitudinal
evaluation of physical activity in Brazilian adolescents: tracking, change and predictors. Pediatric Exercise Sdence JR, v. 24,
p. 58-71, 2012.

Citações: WEZ OF SCIENCE“ 22 | SCDPUS 17

PERES, M. A. ; PERES, K. G. ; CASCAES, A. M. ; CORREA, M. B. ; DEMARCO, F. F. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; HORTA, B.L.;
GIGANTE, D. P. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Validity of partial protocols to assess the prevalence of periodontal outcomes and
associated socio demographic and behavior factors in adolescents and young adults. Journal of Periodontology (1970) JR,
v. 83, p. 2369-378, 2012.

Citações: WEZ OF SCENE“ 42 | SCOPUS 28

CORREA, M. B. ; KNABACH, C. B. ; COLLARES, K. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; DEMARCO, F. F. . Video Analysis of Craniofacial
Soccer Incidents: A prospective study. Journal of Science and Medicine in SportJCR, v. 15, p. 14-18, 2012.
Citações: wEzCrsuEncE- 8 | SCHPUS 7
GONÇALVES, H. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; GONZALEZ, D. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P.; HALLAL, P. R. C. ; BASTOS, J. L.
« Discriminação auto-relatada por adolescentes de uma coorte de nascimentos brasileira: prevalência e fatores associados.
Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública (Impresa) / Pan American Journal of Public Health (Impresa) JR, v. 31, p. 204-210,
2012.
Citações: wEzCrsuEncE= 4 | SCOPUS 4
Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; SILVA, S. G. ; THUME, E. ; SANTOS, 1. S. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Indicadores da institucionalização de
idosos: um estudo de casos e controles. Revista de Saúde Pública (USP. Impresso) 1€k, v. 46, p. 147-153, 2012.
Citações: wEz cr scence= 30 | BELO 14 | SCGPUS 19

KUZAWA, C. ; HALLAL, P. R. C.; ADAIR, L. ; BHARGAVA, S. ; FALL, C.; LEE, N.; NORRIS, S. ; OSMOND, C. ;
RAMIREZ-ZEA, M. ; SACHDEV, H. ; STEIN, A. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Birth weight, postnatal weight gain and adult body
composition in five low and middle income countries. American Journal of Human Biology ICR, v. 24, p. 5-13, 2012.

Citações: wEZ Or scENCE“ 65 | SEDPUS 49
Ramis, T.R. ; MIELKE, G. ; HABEYCHE, E. C. ; OLIZ, M. M. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Tabagismo e consumo de
álcool em estudantes universitários: prevalência e fatores associados. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 15,
p. 376-385, 2012.
FORTES, M. O. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; KREMER, M. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. . A Educação Física Escolar na Cidade de Pelotas, RS:
Contexto das Aulas e Conteúdos. Revista da Educação física/UEM (Online), v. 23, p. 69-78, 2012.
Citações: SCOPUS 4
KREMER, M. M. ; REICHERT, F. F.; HALLAL, P. C. . Intensidade e duração dos esforços físicos em aulas de Educação
Física. Revista de Saúde Pública (Online) JR, v. 46, p. 320-326, 2012.
Citações: wezorscence= 25 | SCOPUS 14

BARROS, F. C. ; MATUASEVICH, A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; HORTA, B. L. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; MENEZES, A. M. B.;
GIGANTE, D. P. ; SANTOS, 1. S. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Cesarean section and the risk of obesity in childhood, adolescence, and
early adulthood: evidence from three Brazilian birth cohorts.. American Journal of Clinical NutritionJCR, v. 95, p. 465-470,
2012.
Citações: we orscence= 76 | SCOPUS 40
CORSEVIL, M. W. ; HALLAL, P. R. C. ; CORSEUIL, H. X. ; Schneider, J.C. ; d'Orsi, E. . Safety from crime and physical activity
among older adults: a population-based study in Brazil. International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health
(Print) J€R, v. 2012, p. 1-7, 2012.

Pucci, G.C.M.F ; REIS, R. S. ; RECH, C. R. ; HALLAL, P. R. C. . Quality of life and physical activity among adults:
population-based study in Brazilian adults. Quality of Life Research. Applied Research in Quality-of-Life (Print) JR, v. 21, p.
1537-1543, 2012.

Citações: wEZ Cr suENcE= 29 | SCOPUS 13
FARIA JR., J. C. ; LOPES, A. S. ; MOTA, ].; HALLAL, P. R. C.. Prática de atividades físicas e fatores associado em
adolescentes no Nordeste do Brasil.. Revista de Saúde Pública (Impresso) I€R, v. 46, p. 505-515, 2012.

 

Citações: wEzcrsuencE= 8 | SCHPUS 19

FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. ; LOPES, A. S. ; MOTA, ). ; RIBEIRO, J. C. ; SANTOS, M. P. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Validade e
reprodutibilidade de um questionário para medida de atividade física em adolescentes:uma adaptação do Self-Administered
Physical Activity. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 15, p. 198-210, 2012.

EKELUND, U. ; JIAN?AN, L. ; Sheran, L. ; Esliger, D.W. ; Griew, P.; HALLAL, P. C. ; ICAD Collaborators . Moderate
to vigorous physical activity and sedentary time and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents.. JAMA
(Chicago, Il.) JER, v. 307, p. 704-712, 2012.

Citações: wezcrsuence= 675 | SEGPUS 310
216.

217.

218.

219.

220.

221.

222.

223.

224.

225.

226.

227.

228.

229.

230.

231.

232.

233.

UMITH, 5. €. ; GIGANTE, D. P. ;, DOMINGUES, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; Kohl 3rd, H.W . Predictors of
physical activity change during adolescence: a 3.5 years follow-up. Public Health Nutrition (Wallingford) 1CR, v. 30, p. 1-9,
2012.

DUMITH, S. C. ; MUNIZ, L. C. ; TASSITANO, R. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria . Clustering of risk factors
for chronic diseases among adolescents from southern Brazil. Preventive Medicine (1972. Print) 1€R, v. 54, p. 393-396, 2012.
Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 48 | SCOPUS 18

Rydin, Y. ; Bleahu, A. ; Davies, M. ; DAVILA, J. ; Friel, S. ; De Grandis, G ; Groce, N. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Hamilton, I. ;
Howden-Chapman, P. ; Lai, KM. ; Lim, CJ ; Martins, J. ; OSRIN, D. ; Ridley, 1. ; Scott, I. ; Taylor, M. ; Wilkinson, P. ; W.
James . Shaping cities for health: complexity and the planning of urban environments in the 21st century. Lancet (British
edition) J€R, v. 379, p. 2079-2108, 2012.
Citações: mes orscence= 339 | SCOPUS 161
BORGES, T. T. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; CORREA, L. Q. ; KNUTH, A. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalência de autorrelato da
morbidade e conhecimento sobre diabetes: estudo populacional de uma cidade no sul do Brasil. Revista Brasileira de
Cineantropometria & Desempenho Humano (Online), v. 14, p. 562-570, 2012.
Citações: SCUPUS 1
HALLAL, P. C.; DUMITH, S. C.; EKELUND, U. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria ; VICTORA, C. G. ; WELLS,
Jonathan C K . Infancy and childhood grouth and physical activity in adolescence: prospedtive birth cohort study from Brazil.
The International Journal of Behavioural Nutrition and Physical Activity (Online) JCR, v. 9, p. 1-5, 2012.
Citações: SCOPUS 19

NUNES, A. P. ; OLIVEIRA, 1. O. ; SANTOS, B. R. ; MILECH, C. ; Silva, L. P. ; González, D.A ; HALLAL, P. C.;
MENEZES, Ana Maria ; ARAÚJO, C.L.; BARROS, F.C. . Quality of DNA extracted from saliva samples collected with the
OrageneTM kit DNA self-collection Kit.. BMC Medical Research Methodology (Online) JR, v. 12, p. 65-65, 2012.
Citações: wEZorsqENcE= 43 | SCOPUS 28

RECH, C. R.; REIS, R.S.; HINO, A. A. F. ; Afiez, CR.R. ; FERMINO, R. ; GONCALVES, P. B. ; HALLAL, P. C..
Neighborhood safety and physical inactivity in adults from Curitiba, Brazil. The International Journal of Behavioural Nutrition
and Physical Activity (Online) JR, v. 9, p. 9:72, 2012.

Citações: wiEE OF sScCENCE“ 20 | SCGPUS 14

FLORINDO, A. A. ; GUIMARAES, V. V. ; FARIAS JUNIOR, 3. C. ; SALVADOR, E. P.; Sá, T.H.; REIS, R. S.; HALLAL, P. C..
Validação de uma escala de percepção do ambiente para a prática de atividade física em adultos de uma região de baixo
nível socio econômico. Revista Brasileira de Cineantropometria & Desempenho Humano (Impresso), v. 14, p. 647-659,
2012.

HALLAL, P. C.; ANDERSEN, L. B. ; BULL, F.C. ; G. Regina ; Haskell, W. ; EKELUND, U. ; The Lancet Physical Activity
Series Working Group . Global physical activity levels: surveillance progress, pitfalls, and prospects. Lancet (British edition)
JER, v. 380, p. 247-257, 2012.

Citações: WEZ OrscCENcE= 2663 | SEDPUS 865

HALLAL, P. C.; BAUMAN, A. E. ; Heath, GW ; KOHL, H. W. ; I-Min Lee ; PRATT, M. . Physical activity: more of the
same is not enough. Lancet (British edition) JCR, v. 380, p. 190-191, 2012.

Citações: wEZorscEncE- 86 | SCGPUS 55

BAUMAN, A. E. ; REIS, R. S. ; Sallis, J.F ; Wells, J. ; Loos, R.J.F ; Martin, B.W. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; The Lancet Physical
Activity Series Working Group . Correlates of physical activity: why are some people physically active and others not?.
Lancet (British edition) JER, v. 380, p. 258-271, 2012.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 1758 | SEGPUS 569

Kohl 3rd, H.W ; Craig, C.L ; Lambert, E.V. ; Inoue, S. ; Alkandari, J.R ; Leetongin, G ; Kahlmeier, S ; HALLAL, P. C. ;
The Lancet Physical Activity Series Working Group . The pandemic of physical inactivity: global action for public health.
Lancet (British edition) JºR, v. 380, p. 294-305, 2012.
Citações: mezorsoence= 1211 | SEGPUS 387

PRATT, M. ; SARMIENTO, O. L. ; Montes, F ; Ogilvie ; Marcus, B.H ; Perez, L.G ; BROWNSON, R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ;
The Lancet Physical Activity Series Working Group . The implications of megatrends in information and communication
technology and transportation for changes in global physical activity. Lancet (British edition) JCR, v. 380, p. 282-293, 2012.
Citações: WEZ OF sCENCE= 159 | SCSPUS 80

I-Min Lee ; Shiroma, E.) ; LOBELO, F. ; Puska, P; BLAIR, S. N. ; Katzmarzyk, P.T ; HALLAL, P. €. ; The Lancet
Physical Activity Series Working Group . Effect of physical inactivity on major non-communicable diseases worldwide: an
analysis of burden of disease and life expedancy. Lancet (British edition) ER, v. 380, p. 219-229, 2012.
Citações: mes orscence= 3650 | SCOPUS 1156

Heath, G.W ; PARRA, D. C. ; SARMIENTO, O. L. ; ANDERSEN, L. B. ; OWEN, N. ; Goenka, S ; Montes, F;
BROWNSON, R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; The Lancet Physical Activity Series Working Group . Evidence-based intervention in
physical activity: lessons from around the world. Lancet (British edition) JER, v. 380, p. 272-281, 2012.
Citações: mezorscencE= 566 | SEGPUS 230

HALLAL, P. C.; CLARK, V. L. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; ARAÚJO, C. L ; GONÇALVES, H. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.;
BARROS, F. C. . Socioeconomic trajectories from birth to adolescence and risk factors for non-communicable disease:
prospective analyses. Journal of Adolescent Health JeR, v. 51, p. S32-S37, 2012.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; Wehrmeister, F.C ; Muniz, LC; PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; NOAL, R. B. ; Silva, MS ; GONÇALVES, H. ;
HALLAL, P. C. . Physical activity and lung function in adolescents: The 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study. Journal of
Adolescent HealthJCR, v. 51, p. S27-S31, 2012.

ROMBALDI, Airton José ; CLARK, V. L. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ;
HORTA, B. L. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Incidence of school failure according to baseline leisure-time physical activity practice:

 

  

 
234.

235.

236.

237.

238.

239.

240.

241.

242.

243.

244.

245.

246.

247.

248.

249.

250.

251.

252.

prospective study. Journal of Adolescent HealthJCR, v. 51, p. 522-526, 2012.

DUMITH, S. C. ; Garcia, LMT ; SILVA, K. S. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; HALLAL, P. C.. Predictors and health
consequences of screen time change during adolescence: 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. Journal of Adolescent
HealthJcr, v. 51, p. S16-S21, 2012.

BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; Silveira, M.P.T ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; HALLAL, P. C..
Tracking of medicine use and self-medication from infancy to adolescence: 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. Journal
of Adolescent Health CR, v. 51, p. S11-S15, 2012.

ANSELMI, L. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B; HALLAL, P. C. ; Wehrmeister, F.C ; GONÇALVES, H. ; BARROS, F.C. ;
Murray, J ; ROHDE, L. A. . Socioeconomic changes and adolescent psychopathology in a Brazilian birth cohort study. Journal
of Adolescent Health CR, v. 51, p. S5-S10, 2012.

REICHERT, F. F.; HALLAL, P. C. ; Wells, J. ; HORTA, B. L. ; EKELUND, U. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B. Objectively
Measured Physical Activity in the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort. Medidne and Science in Sports and ExerdseJer, v. 44,
p. 2369-2375, 2012.

Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 4 | SCOPUS 2

HALLAL, P. C.; REICHERT, F. F. ; EKELUND, U. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria ; VICTORA, C. G. ; Wells, 3. .
Bidirectional cross-sectional and prospective associations between physical activity and body composition in adolescence:
Birth cohort study. Journal of Sports Sciences (Print) ER, v. 30, p. 183-190, 2012.

Citações: WEZ CF SCIENCE“ 25 | SCDPUS 13
Hallal, Pedro Curi. Atividade física e saúde: o início de uma nova era (editorial). Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e
Saúde, v. 17, p. 243-243, 2012.

DUMITH, S. C. ; RAMIRES, V. V. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; KALB, A. C. ; RAMIRES, M. S. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Associação
de características antropométricas, funcionais e de risco cardiovascular com o consumo máximo de oxigênio em
universitários. Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento, v. 20, p. 61-67, 2012.

NOAL, R. B. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; MACEDO, Silvia Cardoso ; DUMITH, S. C. ; PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; ARAÚJO, CL.
P. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Is obesity a risk factor for wheezing among adolescents? A prospedive study in Southern Brazil.
Journal of Adolescent Health J€R, v. 51, p. S38-S45, 2012.
Citações: SCOPUS 5

GONÇALVES, H. ; González, D.A ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; MUNIZ, L. C. ; TAVARES, P. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; MENEZES,
A. M. B.; HALLAL, P. C. . Adolescents? perception on causes of obesity: unhealthy lifestyles or heritage?. Journal of
Adolescent HealthJCR, v. 51, p. S46-S52, 2012.

MARTINEZ-MESA, J. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; González, D.A ; HORTA, B. L. ; MATIJACEVICH, A. ; GIGANTE, D. P.;
HALLAL, P. C. . Life course association of maternal smoking during pregnancy and offspring height: data from the 1993
Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort. Journal of Adolescent Health JCR, v. 51, p. S53-S57, 2012.

ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; MUNIZ, L. C. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; CLARK, V. L ; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; MENEZES,
Ana Maria B; HALLAL, P. €. . Predictors of body mass index change from 11 to 15 years of age: the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil)
Birth Cohort Study. Journal of Adolescent Health J€R, v. 51, p. S65-S69, 2012.

WELLS, Jonathan C K ; DUMITH, S. C. ; EKELUND, U. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VICTORA, C. G.;
HALLAL, P. C. . Associations of intrauterine and postnatal weight and length gains with adolescent body composition:
prospective birth cohort study from Brazil. Journal of Adolescent Health JCR, v. 51, p. S58-S64, 2012.

HALLAL, P. C.; LEE, 1. . Prescription of physical activity: an undervalued intervention. Lancet (British edition) JR, v.
2, p. 356-357, 2012.
Citações: wezorscence- 18 | SCOPUS 26

BARCELLOS, F.C. ; SANTOS, I. S. ; MIELKE, G. I. ; VECCHIO, F. B. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Effeds of exercise on kidney
function among non-diabetic patients with hypertension and renal disease: randomized controlled trial. BMC Nephrology 1€R,
v. 13, p. 90-90, 2012.
Citações: wiEZOFSCIENCE“ 5 | SCOPUS 4
VIEIRA, M. F. ; MATUACEVICH, A. ; DAMIANI, M. F. ; MADRUGA, S. W. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO,
C.L.; HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalence of grade retention and associated factors among adolescents from the 1993 Pelotas,
Brazil, birth cohort. Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública (Impresa) / Pan American Journal of Public Health (Impresa) J€R,
v. 31, p. 303-309, 2012.
Citações: wEzOr SCIENCE“ 4 | SCOPUS 4
HINO, A. A. F. ; RECH, C. R. ; GONCALVES, P. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; REIS, R. S. . Projeto ESPAÇOS de Curitiba, Brasil:
aplicabilidade de métodos mistos de pesquisa e informações georreferenciadas em estudos sobre atividade física e ambiente
construído. Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública (Impresa) / Pan American Journal of Public Health (Impresa) 1€R, v. 32,
p. 226-233, 2012.
Citações: wEZCFSCIENCE“ 9 | SWELO2 | SCSPUS 7
HALLAL, P. C.; IRWIN JR, C. E. . Prospective findings from the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study (editorial). Journal
of Adolescent Health CR, v. 51, p. S3-S4, 2012.

Citações: mEZ or scence= 34

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; BARROS, Aluísio J D; CAMARGO, A. L. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VANDOROS, S. ; WAGNER, A.
; ROSS-DEGNAN, D. . Household expenditures for medicines and the role of free medicines in the Brazilian public health
system. American Journal of Public Health (1971) J0R, v. 101, p. 916-921, 2011.
Citações: wER OF SCIENCE“ 8 | SCSPUS 9
HALLAL, P. C.; DUMITH, S. C.; REICHERT, F. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L ; WELLS, Jonathan C K ; EXELUND,
U. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Cross-sectional and longitudinal associations between physical activity and blood pressure in
adolescence: birth cohort study. Journal of Physical Activity & Health 10R, v. 8, p. 468-474, 2011.
253.

254.

255.

256.

257.

258.

259.

260.

261.

262.

263.

264.

265.

266.

267.

268.

269.

270.

271.

Citações: mEB OF SCENE» 15 | SCUOPUS 9
MIELKE, G. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. JALLAL, P. C. . Atividade física e fatores associados em universitários do primeiro ano da
Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 15, p. 57-64, 2011.

SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; SILVEIRA, D. S. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Leisure-time physical
activity among adult and elderly individuals in Brazil: a countrywide analysis. Journal of Physical Activity & Health Jor, v. 8,
p. 891-897, 2011.

Citações: wER OF SCIENCE“ 7 | SCOPUS 6

Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; THUME, E. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Prevalência e fatores associados ao auidado domiciliar em idosos.
Revista de Saúde Pública (USP. Impresso) JR, v. 45, p. 113-120, 2011.

Citações: wiEZ Or =CENCE“ 17 | SCDPUS 12

HALLAL, P. C.. Os Programas de Pós-graduação da Área 21: um guia para estudantes e professores (Editorial). Revista
Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 15, p. 200, 2011.

FALL, C. H. ; BORJA, J. ; OSMOND, C. ; RICHTER, L. ; BHARGAVA, S. ; MARTORELL, R. ; STEIN, A. D. ; BARROS, F.
C. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; COHORTS group . Infant feeding patterns and cardiovascular risk factors in young
adulthood: data from five cohorts in low and middle income countries. International Journal of Epidemiology J€R, v. 40, p.
47-62, 2011.

Citações: wiEE Or scCENcE“ 90 | SCEGPUS 57

MENEZES, Ana Maria ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MATDACEVICH, A. ; BARROS, Aluísio JD; HORTA, B. L ; ARAÚJO, C.L ;
GIGANTE, Denise ; SANTOS, 1. S. ; MINTEN, G. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R.; DUMITH, S. C. ; BARROS, F. C. . Caesarean
sections and risk of wheezing in childhood and adolescence: data from two birth cohort studies in Brazil. Clinical and
Experimental Allergy (Print) J€R, v. 41, p. 218-223, 2011.
Citações: wEE Or scCENCE“ 34 | SCGPUS 32
RECH, C. R. ; FERMINO, R. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; REIS, R. S. . Validade e fidedignidade da escala de satisfação com a
prática de atividade física em adultos. Revista de Saúde Pública (USP. Impresso) JR, v. 45, p. 286-293, 2011.
Citações: wiEZOF=SCENCE“ 6 | SCUOPUS 6

ROMBALDI, Airton José ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; SILVA, M. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Fatores associados ao
consumo regular de refrigerante não dietético. Revista de Saúde Pública (USP. Impresso) ICR, v. 45, p. 382-390, 2011.

 

Citações: wezorsaence- 12 | SCOPUS 5

REIS, M. S. ; REIS, R. S. ; HALLAL, P. C, . Validade e fidedignidade de uma escala de avaliação do apoio social para a
atividade física. Revista de Saúde Pública (Impresso) J€R, v. 45, p. 294-301, 2011.

Citações: wEZCrsCENcE= 15 | SCGPUS 14

RECH, C. R. ; SARABIA, T ; FERMINO, R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; REIS, R. S. . Propriedades psicométricas de uma escala de
autoeficácia para a prática de atividade física em adultos brasileiros. Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública (Impresa) / Pan
American Journal of Public Health (Impresa) JR, v. 29, p. 259-266, 2011.

Citações: wEROFSCENCE“ 5 | SwELO4 | SCOPUS 5

MALCON, M. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; HALLAL, P. R. C. . Efetividade de uma
intervenção educacional em tabagismo entre adolescentes escolares. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 14,
p. 63-72, 2011.

BASTOS, G. A. N. ; Del Duca, Giovêni Firpo ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SANTOS, I.S. . Utilização de serviços médicos no sistema
público de saúde no Sul do Brasil. Revista de Saúde Pública (Impresso) JCR, v. 45, p. 475-484, 2011.

Citações: wEzorscencE= 21 | SCGPUS 15

FERREIRA, G. D. ; SILVA, M. C. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; WREGE, E. D. ; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; HALLAL, P. C. .
Prevalência de dor nas costas e fatores associados em adultos do sul do Brasil: estudo de base populacional. Revista
Brasileira de Fisioterapia (Impresso) J€R, v. 15, p. 31-36, 2011.

Citações: wEE Or sScCENCE“ 34 | SCGPUS 25

FARIAS JUNIOR, 3. C. ; LOPES, A. S. ; MOTA, J. ; SANTOS, M. P. ; RIBEIRO, J. C. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Perception of the
social and built environment and physical activity among Northeastern Brazil adolescents. Preventive Medicine (1972. Print)
JeR, v. 52, p. 114-119, 2011.
Citações: wEZ Cr suENcE= 16 | SCOPUS 15
GOMEZ, L. F.; JACOBY, E. ; IBARRA, M. L. ; LUCUMI, D. 1. ; HERNADEZ, A. ; PARRA, D. C. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ; HALLAL,
P. C.. Patrocinio de programas de actividad física por parte las transnacionales de las bebidas azucaradas: Salud pública o
relaciones públicas?. Revista de Saúde Pública (Online) J€R, v. 45, p. 423-427, 2011.

RIDGWAY, C. L. ; BRAGE, S. ; SHARP, S. ; CORDER, K. ; WESTGATE, K. ; SLUUS, E. V. ; GOODYER, L. ; HALLAL, P.
C. ; ANDERSEN, S. ; SARDINHA, L. M. ; ANDERSEN, L. B. ; EXELUND, U. . Does birth weight influence physical activity in
youth? A combined analysis of four studies using objectively measured physical activity.. Plos OneJCR, v. 6, p. e16125,
2011.
Citações: wezorscence= 44 | SCOPUS 3
HALLAL, P. C.; KNUTH, A. G. . Epidemiologia da atividade física e a aproximação necessária com as pesquisas qualitativas.
Revista Brasileira de Ciências do Esporte, v. 33, p. 181-192, 2011.
Citações: SELO 4 | SCOPUS 1

PARRA, D. C. ; HOEHNER, C. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; RIBEIRO, 1. C.; REIS, R. S. ; BROWNSON, R. ; PRATT, M. ;
SIMOES, E. J. . Perceived environmental correlates of physical activity for leisure and transportation in Curitiba, Brazil.
Preventive Medicine (1972. Print) CR, v. 52, p. 234-238, 2011.
Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 73 | SCOPUS 48
Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; SILVA, M. C. ; SILVA, S. G. ; Nahas, MV ; HALLAL, P. C. . Incapacidade funcional em idosos
institucionalizados. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 16, p. 120-124, 2011.
272.

273.

274.

275.

276.

277.

278.

279.

280.

281.

282.

283.

284.

285.

286.

287.

288.

289.

290.

DUMITH, 5. C.; HALLAL, P. C.; REIS, R. 5. ; KOHL, H. W. . Worldwide prevalence of physical inactivity and its
association with human development index in 76 countries. Preventive Mediane (1972. Print) JCR, v. 53, p. 24-28, 2011.
Citações: meg orscence” 233 | SEGPUS 105
HALLAL, P. C.; KNUTH, A. ; REIS, R.S. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; MALTA, D.C. ; ISER, B. P.M. ; BERNAL, R.T.1.;
FLORINDO, A. A. . Tendências temporais “de atividade física no grasil: 2006-2009. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia
(Impresso), v. 14, p. 53-60, 2011.

Citações: SELO 8 | SCOPUS 27
HALLAL, P. C.. Promoção da atividade física no Brasil: uma questão que vai além da saúde pública (editorial). Cadernos de
Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 27, p. 620, 2011.

HALLAL, P. C.. Academia da Saúde: mais um passo na direção certa (Editorial). Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e
Saúde, v. 16, p. 92, 2011.

WELLS, Jonathan C K ; HALLAL, P. C. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VICTORA, C. G..
Associations of birth order with early growth and adolescent height, body composition and blood pressure: prospective birth
cohort from Brazil. American Journal of Epidemiology 1€R, v. 174, p. 1028-1035, 2011.

Citações: wiEE Or scENCE“ 47 | SCEGPUS 30
GALLO, E. A. G. ; ANSELMI, L. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; SCAZUFCA, M. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MATIJACEVICH, A...
Tamanho ao nascer e problemas de saúde mental aos 11 anos em uma coorte brasileira de nascimentos. Cadernos de
Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 27, p. 1622-1632, 2011.
Citações: wEzCrscencE= 5 | BWELO9 | SCGPUS 5

MENEZES, A. M. B.; DUMITH, S. C. ; PADILLA, R. P.; NOAL, R. B. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; MARTINEZ-MESA, J. ;
ARAÚJO, C.L.P.; HALLAL, P. €. . Socioeconomic trajectory from birth to adolescence and lung function: prospective birth
cohort study. BMC Public Health (Online) JR, v. 11, p. 596, 2011.
Citações: WEZ OFSCENCE* 14 | SEDPUS 8
FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. ; LOPES, A. S. ; REIS, R. S. ; NASCIMENTO, J. V. ; Borgatto AF; HALLAL, P. C. . Desenvolvimento e
validação de um questionário para mensurar fatores associados à atividade física em adolescentes. Revista Brasileira de
Saúde Materno Infantil (Impresso), v. 11, p. 301-312, 2011.

RIGO, L. C. ; RIBEIRO, G. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Unidade na diversidade: desafios para a Educação Física no século XXI.
Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 16, p. 339-345, 2011.

RAPHAELLI, C. O. ; AZEVEDO, M. R.; HALLAL, P. R. C. . Associação entre comportamentos de risco à saúde de pais e
adolescentes em escolares de zona rural de um município do Sul do Brasil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JR
| 4. 27, p. 2429-2440, 2011.
Citações: wEzcrscence= 3 | BwELOS | SCOPUS 7

GOMES, G. A. ; REIS, R. S. ; RIBEIRO, I. C. ; PARRA, D.C. ; HINO, A. A. F.; HALLAL, P. C.; MALTA, D.C. ;
BROWNSON, R. . Walking for leisure among adults | from three Brazilian cities and its association with perceived environment
attributes and personal factors. The International Journal of Behavioural Nutrition and Physical Activity (Online) JCR, v. 8, p.
111, 2011.
Citações: wezorscence= 43 | SCOPUS 32
HALLAL, P. C.. O fim de um ciclo e o início de uma nova (e melhorada) etapa (editorial). Revista Brasileira de Atividade
Física e Saúde, v. 16, p. 278-278, 2011.

Montes de Oca, M ; HALBERT R. J. ; TALAMO, C. ; PADILLA, R. P. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; MUIÃO, A. ; JARDIM, ). R. ;
VALDIVIA, G. ; PERTUZE, J. ; MORENO, D. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B; HALLAL, P. C. . Paid employment in subjects with

and without chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in five Latin American cities: the PLATINO study. The International
Journal of Tuberculosis and Lung DiseaseJeR, v. 15, p. 1259-1264, 2011.

 

Citações: wEZ Cr scENcE= 13 | SCOPUS 10
KNUTH, A. ; MALTA, D. C. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; PEREIRA, C. A. ; MORAIS NETO, O. L. ; TEMPORAO, J. G. ; PENNA, G.;
HALLAL, P. C. . Practice of physical activity and sedentarism among Brazilians: results of the National Household Sample
Survey - 2008. Ciência e Saúde Coletiva (Impresso) JR, v. 16, p. 3697-3705, 2011.
Citações: SCOPUS 34
Wehrmeister, F.C ; KNORST, M. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; MACEDO, S. E. C. ; NOAL, R. B.; MARTINEZ-MESA, J. ; GONZALEZ, D. A.
; DUMITH, S. C. ; MAIA, M. F. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Pulmonary rehabilitation programs for patients with
COPD. Jornal Brasileiro de Pneumologia (Impresso) JR, v. 37, p. 544-555, 2011.
Citações: mes orscence= 13 | SoELO3 | SCOPUS 14
HALLAL, P. C.; SIMOES, E. J. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; AZEVEDO, M. R.; RAMOS, L. R. ; PRATT, M. ; BROWNSON, R. C..
Validity and reliability of the telephone-administered International Physical Activity Questionnaire in Brazil. Journal of
Physical Activity & HealthICR, v. 7, p. 402-409, 2010.
Citações: wEZorscEncE= 38 | SCGPUS 37
ROMBALDI, Airton José ; MENEZES, Ana ; AZEVEDO, M. R.; HALLAL, P. C.. Leisure-time physical activity: association with
activity levels in other domains. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 7, p. 460-464, 2010.
Citações: wEz Cr suENcE= 12 | SCOPUS 12
HALLAL, P. C.; MACHADO, P. T. ; DUCA, G. F. D. ; SILVA, L. C. ; AMORIM, T. E. C. ; BORGES, T. T. ; ROMBALDI, Airton
José ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; KNUTH, A. G. . Physical activity advice: short report from a population-based study in Brazil.
Journal of Physical Activity & Health JOR, v. 7, p. 352-354, 2010.
Citações: wiEZOFSCIENCE“ 5 | SCOPUS 4

KNUTH, A. G. ; BACCHIERI, G. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Changes in physical activity among Brazilian
adults over a five-year period. JECH OnlineJER, v. 64, p. 591-595, 2010.

Citações: wezcrscence= 38 | SCOPUS 36
291.

292.

293.

294.

295.

296.

297.

298.

299.

300.

301.

302.

303.

304.

305.

306.

307.

DUMITA, >. €.; RAMIRES, V. V. ; SOUZA, M. À. ; MORAES, D. 5. ; PETRY, F. G.; OLIVEIRA, E. 5. ; RAMIRES, 5. Vo;
HALLAL, P. C. . Overweight/obesity and physical fitness among children and adolescents. Journal of Physical Activity &
HealthJcR, v. 7, p. 641-648, 2010.
Citações: wezorscence= 61 | SCGPUS 31
MENEZES, A. M. B. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; NOAL, R. B. ; NUNES, A. P. ; MENDONCA, F. ; ARAÚJO, C. L ; DUVAL, M. A. ;
CARUSO, P. E. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Validity of a Wrist Digital Monitor for Blood Pressure Measurement in Comparison to a
Mercury Sphygmomanometer. Arquivos Brasileiros de Cardiologia (Impresso) JER, v. 94, p. 345-349, 2010.
Citações: mezorscence= 10 | BwELO7 | SEGPUS 8
HALLAL, P. C.; PARRA, D. C. ; PRATT, M. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Research on physical activity and health: where is Latin
America?. Journal of Physical Activity & Health CR, v. 7, p. S129-S130, 2010.
Citações: wEZ cr saENcE= 12 | SCOPUS 12
ARAÚJO, C. L. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VIEIRA, M. F. ; NEUTZLING, M. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; ANSELMI, L. ; DUMITH,S. C. ;
HALLAL, P. C.. A Visita de 11 Anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993: Métodos.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 1875-1886, 2010.
Citações: wEE Or scCENcE“ 26 | SwELO 90 | SCSPUS 31
HALLAL, P. C.; DUMITH, S. C.; BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; SCALCO, D. L. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L.. Bem-
Estar entre adolescentes: A visita de 11 Anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) 1€R, v. 26, p. 1887-1894, 2010.
Citações: wEsorscence= 3 | SuELO 9 | SCOPUS 2

WENDT, F. P. ; TORRIANI, D. D. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; ROMANO, A. R. ; BONOW, M. L. M.; COSTA, C. T. ;
GOETTEMS, M. L. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Traumatic dental injuries imprimary dentition: epidemiological study among preschool
children in South Brazil.. Dental Traumatology (Print) JCR, v. 26, p. 168-173, 2010.
Citações: wEZ cr scENcE= 40 | SCGPUS 31
DUMITH, S. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L . Comportamento Sedentário em Adolescentes: A
Visita de 11 Anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993.. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP.
Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 1928-1936, 2010.

Citações: wEZOrsSCENCE= 25 | SYELO92 | SCOPUS 18

VICTORA, C. G. ; de Onis, M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; BLOSSNER, M. ; SHRIMPTON, R. . Worldwide Timing of Growth
Faltering: Revisiting Implications for Interventions. Pediatrics (Evanston) JR, p. 473-480, 2010.
Citações: WEZ OF SCIENCE“ 727 | SCOPUS 329
MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L.; BARROS, F. C. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Determinantes Simultâneos da
Pressão Arterial em Adolescentes: A visita de 11 Anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil,
1993.. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JR, v. 26, p. 1972-1979, 2010.
Citações: wEsorscrnce= 3 | SuELO9 | SCOPUS 1
HALLAL, P. C.; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; DUMITH, S. C. ; ARAÚJO, C.L. P.. Fregiência do Pulso
de Repouso em Adolescentes: A visita de 11 anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 1963-1971, 2010.
Citações: wmEzcrscemce- 6 | SÚELO9 | SCOPUS 3
REICHERT, F. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, CL; HALLAL, P. C. . Auto-relato de Atividade Física na Adolescência
Comparado ao Relato dos Pais: A Visita de 11 Anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasi, 1993.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 1921-1927, 2010.

Citações: wEB Or SCENCE“ 5 | SwELO27 | SCOPUS 4
BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; TAVARES, N. U. L. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Utilização de
Medicamentos por Adolescentes: A Visita de 11 Anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) 1€R, v. 26, p. 1945-1953, 2010.
Citações: wEscrscence= 5 | SwELO9 | SCOPUS 5

Montes de Oca, M ; PADILLA, R. P.; TÁLAMO, C. ; HALBERT R. J. ; MORENO, D. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; MUIÃO, A. ;
JARDIM, J. R. ; VALDIVIA, G. ; PERTUZE, J. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PLATINO Study Team . Acute
bronchodilator responsiveness in subjects with and without airflow obstruction in five Latin American cities: the PLATINO
study. Pulmonary Pharmacology & Therapeutics JR, v. 23, p. 29-35, 2010.
Citações: wEz cr saENcE= 12 | SCOPUS 11

STEIN, A. D. ; WANT, M. ; MARTORELL, R. ; NORRIS, S. ; ADAIR, L. S. ; BAS, 1. ; SACHDEV, H. S. ; BHARGAVA, S. ;
FALL, C. ; GIGANTE, D. P. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; HALLAL, P. €. OHORTS group . Growth patterns in early childhood and
final attained stature: data from five birth cohort in low and middle-income countries. American Journal of Human Biology
JER, v. 22, p. 353-359, 2010.
Citações: wezorscence= 121 | SCOPUS 70
NEUTZLING, M. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; VIEIRA, M. F. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Consumo de
Alimentos com Alto Teor de Gordura e Fibras entre Adolescentes de 11 Anos da Coorte de 1993 de Pelotas, Rio Grande do
Sul, Brasil, Segundo Posição Sócio-Econômica. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JCR, v. 26, p. 1904-1911, 2010.
Citações: wEzcrscence= 6 | SwELO 15 | SCOPUS 4
ANSELMI, L. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; BARROS, F.C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; ROHDE, L A..
Determinantes Precoces de Problemas de Atenção e Hiperatividade na Adolescência: A visita aos 11 Anos da Coorte de
Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 1954-
1962, 2010.
Citações: wEzcrscence= 19 | BELO 90 | SCOPUS 11
HALLAL, P. C.; TENORIO, M. C. M. ; TASSITANO, R. M. ; REIS, R. S. ; CARVALHO, Y. M. ; CRUZ, K. A.C; DAMASCENA, W.
: MALTA, D. C. . Avaliação do Programa de Promoção da Atividade Física Academia da Cidade de Recife, Pernambuco,

 
308.

309.

310.

311.

312.

313.

314.

315.

316.

317.

318.

319.

320.

321.

322.

323.

324.

Brasil: Percepções de Usuários e não usuários. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JR, v. 26, p. 70-78, 2010.

Citações: wEE Or sScCENCE“ 27 | SwELO41 | SCGPUS 21

PERES, M. A. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; PERES, K. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; HALLAL, P. C. ; VICTORA, C.G..
Estudos de Saúde Bucal na Coorte de Nascidos Vivos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, em 1993: Metodologia e
Resultados Principais. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 1990-1999, 2010.

Citações: mEzcrscence= 8 | SwELO 12 | SCOPUS 4

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; NOAL, R. B.; CESAR, J. A. ; HALLAL, P. C.; ARAÚJO, C. L. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; BARROS, F.C. ;
VICTORA, C. G. . Hospitalizações do nascimento ao início da adolescência e fatores de risco precoces: a visita de 11 anos da
coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas (RS), 1993. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€r, v. 26, p. 1980-1989, 2010.

Citações: wEzOFSCENCE“ 1 | SwELO38 | SCOPUS 1

ALVES, 1. G. B. ; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; FIGUEIROA, 9. N. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva da ; PICCINI, R. X.;
TOMASI, E. ; THUME, E. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalência de Adultos e Idosos Insuficientemente Ativos Moradores em Áreas
de Unidades Básicas de Saúde (UBS) Com e Sem Programa de Saúde da Família.. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP.
Impresso) JR, v. 26, p. 543-556, 2010.

Citações: WEZ OF SCIENCE“ 17 | SúELO 17 | SCUPUS 13

TENORIO, M. C. M. ; BARROS, M. V. G. ; TASSITANO, R. M. ; BEZERRA, ). ; TENORIO, J. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Atividade
física e comportamento sedentário em adolescentes estudantes do ensino médio. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia, v. 13,
p. 105-117, 2010.

CAMPOS, A. L. P. ; MIELKE, G. ; BORBA, F.; HALLAL, P. C.. Efeitos de uma pré temporada de quatro semanas sobre o
parâmetros de VO 2 máx e composição corporal em atletas de futsal da categoria infantil. Movimento & Percepção (Online),
v. 11, p. 248-254, 2010.

HOEHNER, C. M. ; SOARES, J. ; PEREZ, D. P.; RIBEIRO, 1. C.; PRATT, M. ; BRACCO, M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; BROWNSON, R.
« Physical activity interventions in Latin America: What value might be added by including conference abstracts in a literature
review?. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JR, v. 7, p. S265-278, 2010.

Citações: wEZOrSCENCE* 11 | SCOPUS 8

PRATT, M. ; BROWNSON, R. ; RAMOS, L. R. ; MALTA, D. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; REIS, R. S. ; PEREZ, D. P.; SIMOES, E. 1...
Project GUIA: A Model for Understanding and Promoting Physical Activity in Brazil and Latin America. Journal of Physical
Activity & Health JR, v. 7, p. S131-134, 2010.

Citações: wezorscence= 38 | SCOPUS 31

HALLAL, P. C.; REIS, R. S. ; PARRA, D. C. ; HOEHNER, C. M. ; BROWNSON, R. ; SIMOES, E. J. . Association between
perceived environmental attributes and physical activity among adults in Recife, Brazil. Journal of Physical Activity & Health
JER, V. 7, p. S213-S222, 2010.

Citações: wEZ cr suENcE- 46 | SCGPUS 32

AMORIM, T. E. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Physical Activity Levels According to Physical and Social
Environmental Factors in a Sample of Adults Living in South Brazil. Journal of Physical Activity & Health J€R, v. 7, p. S204-
212, 2010.

DUMITH, S. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; GIGANTE, D. P. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; KOHL, H. W. . Prevalence and
correlates of physical activity among adolescents from Southern Brazil.. Revista de Saúde Pública (USP. Impresso) JR, v.
44, p. 457-467, 2010.

Citações: wEZOrsCENCE= 25 | SwELO 14 | SCOPUS 18

REICHERT, F. F. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D.
Priorities in Health: What do They Mean to Brazilian Adults?. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JCR, v. 26, p.
775-785, 2010.

Citações: wEzorscence= 2 | SwELO4 | SCGPUS 2

HALLAL, P. C.; GOMEZ, L. F. ; PARRA, D. C. ; LOBELO, F. ; MOSQUERA, 3. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ; REIS, R. S.; PRATT,M.;
SARMIENTO, O. L. . Lessons learned after 10 years of IPAQ use in Brazil and Colombia. Journal of Physical Activity & Health
JER, V. 7, p. S259-264, 2010.

Citações: mes orscence- 183 | SCOPUS 113

BROWNSON, R. ; PARRA, D. C. ; DAUTI, M. ; HARRIS, J. K. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; HOEHNER, C. M.; MALTA, D.C. ; REIS, R. S.
; RAMOS, L. R.; RIBEIRO, I. C. ; SOARES, J. ; PRATT, M. . Assembling the puzzle for promoting physical activity in Brazil: a
social network analysis. Journal of Physical Activity & Health J0R, v. 7, p. 242-252, 2010.

Citações: SCOPUS 2

MENDONCA, B. C. ; OLIVEIRA, A. C. ; TOSCANO, 3. 1. ; KNUTH, A. ; BORGES, T. T. ; MALTA, D.C. ; CRUZ, K. AC;
HALLAL, P. C. . Exposure to a community-wide physical activity promotion program and leisure-time physical activity in
Aracaju, Brazil. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 7, p. S223-228, 2010.

Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 23 | SCOPUS 16

REIS, R. S.; HALLAL, P. C. ; PARRA, D. C. ; RIBEIRO, 1. C. ; BROWNSON, R. ; HOEHNER, C. M. ; PRATT, M. ; RAMOS, L.
R.. Promoting physical activity through community-wide policies and planning: Findings from Curitiba, Brazil. Journal of
Physical Activity & HealthJer, v. 7, p. 137-145, 2010.

KNUTH, A. ; MALTA, D. C. ; CRUZ, K. A.C; CASTRO, A. M. ; FAGUNDES, 9. ; SARDINHA, L. M. ; GOSCH, C. S. ; SIMOES, E.
J.; HALLAL, P. C. . Description of the countrywide physical activity network coordinated by the Brazilian Ministry of Health:
2005-2008. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 7, p. S253-258, 2010.

Citações: mes crscence- 12 | SCGPUS 13

CORREA, M. B. ; SCHUCH, H. S. ; COLLARES, K. ; TORRIANI, D. D. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; DEMARCO, F. F.. Survey on the
occurrence of dental trauma and preventive strategies among professional Brazilian soccer players. Journal of Applied Oral
Sdence (Impresso) J€R, v. 18, p. 572-576, 2010.
325.

326.

327.

328.

329.

330.

331.

332.

333.

334.

335.

336.

337.

338.

339.

340.

341.

342.

343.

344.

Citações: mEB OF SCENCES 17 | SELOS | SCOPUS 13
THOMAZ, P. M. D. ; COSTA, T. H. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SILVA, E. F. . Fatores associados à atividade física em adultos,
Brasília, DF. Revista de Saúde Pública (Online) 1€R, v. 44, p. 894-900, 2010.
Citações: SCOPUS 8

MATSUDO, Victor M ; MATSUDO, Sandra M ; ARAÚJO, Timóteo ; ANDRADE, Douglas R ; OLIVEIRA, L. C.; HALLAL,
P. C.. Time trends in physical activity in the state of São Paulo, Brazil: 2002-2008. Medicine and Science in Sports and
Exercise CR, v. 42, p. 2231-2236, 2010.
Citações: wEZorscENcE= 32 | SCGPUS 36
NOAL, R. B. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria ; ARAÚJO, C.L P.; HALLAL, P. €. . Uso Experimental de Álcool no Início da
Adolescência: A Visita de 11 Anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil, 1993. Cadernos de
Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 1937-1944, 2010.
Citações: wiEE Or =cCiENCE“ 10 | SwELO 90 | SCOPUS 11
HALLAL, P. C.. Promoção da atividade física no Brasil: chegou a hora da escola (Editorial). Revista Brasileira de Atividade
Física e Saúde, v. 15, p. 76-77, 2010.

COLL, C. ; AMORIM, T. E. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Percepção de adolescentes e adultos referente à influência da mídia sobre o
estilo de vida. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 15, p. 105-110, 2010.

Citações: SCOPUS 1

HALLAL, P. C.. A indexação de periódicos no Scielo e a importância para a área 21 (Editorial). Revista Brasileira de
Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 15, p. 136, 2010.

HALLAL, P. C.. Pesquisa Nacional de Saúde do Escolar: da academia para a sociedade. Ciência & Saúde Coletiva (Online)
JER, v. 15, p. 3020-3021, 2010.

MADRUGA, S. W. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; ARAÚJO, C.L P.; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Fatores associados à
realização de regime de emagrecimento entre adolescentes: a visita de 11 anos da coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas (RS),
1993. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) !€R, v. 26, p. 1912-1920, 2010.

Citações: wEBOrSCENCE= 6 | SELO 35 | SCOPUS 7

HALLAL, P. C.; REIS, R. S. ; BARROS, M. V. G. ; Nahas, MV ; PRATT, M. . Physical Activity Promotion in Low- and Middle-
Income Settings: Lessons From Brazil. Journal of Physical Activity & Health J€R, v. 7, p. 331-332, 2010.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 1

Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; NADER, G. A. ; SANTOS, 1. S.; HALLAL, P. C. . Hospitalização e Fatores Associados entre
Residentes de Instituições de Longa Permanência para Idosos. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) ER, v. 26, p.
1403-1410, 2010.

Citações: wEzorscence< 2 | SwELO2 | SCGPUS3

FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. ; LOPES, A. S. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; FLORINDO, A. A. . Validade e Reprodutibilidade dos Instrumentos
de Medida da Atividade Física do Tipo Self-report em Adolescentes: Uma Revisão Sistemática. Cadernos de Saúde Pública
(ENSP. Impresso) ICR, v. 26, p. 1669-1691, 2010.

Citações: wezcrscence- 20 | SaELO 19 | SCGPUS 15

HALLAL, P. C.; EKELUND, U. . CRF, MVPA, NEAT, PAEE and now sedentary time: Will the pendulum swing back again?
(Editorial). Journal of Physical Activity & Health CR, v. 7, p. 569-570, 2010.

LAURA, H. C. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria ; NOAL, R. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. . Maternal anthropometric
characteristics in pregnancy and blood pressure among adolescents: 1993 live birth cohort, Pelotas, southern Brazil. BMC
Public Health (Online) 1€R, v. 10, p. 434-434, 2010.

Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= O | SCHPUS 5

HALLAL, P. C.; KNUTH, A. ; CRUZ, K. A.C; MENDES, M. I. F. ; MALTA, D. C. . Prática de atividade física em adolescentes
brasileiros. Ciência & Saúde Coletiva (Online) 1€R, v. 15, p. S3035-3042, 2010.

Citações: wezorscence= 55 | SCOPUS 30

ARAUJO, C. L.; DUMITH, S. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Peso medido, peso percebido e fatores associados
em adolescentes. Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública (Impresa) / Pan American Journal of Public Health (Impresa) 1€R,
v. 27, p. 360-367, 2010.

Citações: wEzcrscence= 12 | BwELO 18 | SCGPUS 15

HARTWIG, T. W. ; MACHADO, C. F. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Indicadores Antropométricos e Nível de Atividade Física de
Funcionários de Banco. Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento, v. 17, p. 70-75, 2010.

MENDES, M. A. ; BIELEMANN, R. M. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; AZEVEDO, M. R.; HALLAL, P. C. . Fontes de Informação
sobre a Importância da Atividade Física: Estudo de Base Populacional. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 15,
p. 163-169, 2010.

KNUTH, A. ; MALTA, D. C. ; CRUZ, K. A.C; Freitas, Paula ; LOPES< Marcos ; FAGUNDES, J. ; REIS, R. S. ; Hallal, Pedro
Curi . Rede Nacional de Atividade Física do Ministério da Saúde: resultados e estratégias avaliativas. Revista Brasileira de
Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 15, p. 229-233, 2010.

Citações: SCOPUS 3

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C.L P.; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Saúde na transição da infância para a adolescência: a visita de
11 anos da coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas, RS (1993) [Editorial]. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JR, v.
26, p. 1871-1871, 2010.

BICALHO, P. G. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; GAZZINELLI, A. ; KNUTH, A. G. ; VELASQUEZ-MELENDEZ, G. . Atividade física e
fatores associados em adultos de área rural em Minas Gerais, Brasil. Revista de Saúde Pública (USP. Impresso) J€R, v. 44, p.
884-893, 2010.

Citações: SCOPUS 22
345.

346.

347.

348.

349.

350.

351.

352.

353.

354.

355.

356.

357.

358.

359.

360.

361.

ROMBALDI, Airton Jose ; SILVA, M. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi ; NUNES, V. G. 5. ; GAZALLE, Fernando Kratz
. Prevalência e fatores associados a sintomas depressivos em adultos do sul do Brasil: estudo transversal de base
populacional. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 13, p. 620-629, 2010.

Citações: SWELO 18 | SCOPUS 14

NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; MALCON, M. C.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria . Hábitos alimentares de
escolares adolescentes de Pelotas-RS-Brasil. Revista de Nutrição (Impresso) JER, v. 23, p. 379-388, 2010.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 27 | SELO 29 | SCOGPUS 33

Lopez Varela, M.V ; OCA, M. M. ; HALBERT, R. ; MUINO, A. ; PADILLA, R. P.; TALAMO, C. ; JARDIM, J. R. ;
VALDIVIA, G. ; PERTUZE, J. ; MORENO, D. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; PLATINO Study Team ; HALLAL, P. C. . Sex-related
differences in COPD in five Latin American cities: the PLATINO study. The European Respiratory Journal CR, v. 36, p. 1034-
1041, 2010.
Citações: wEZOr=SCENCE“ 71 | SCDPUS 4
BASTOS, G. A. N. ; Del Duca, Giovêni Firpo ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SANTOS, 1. S. . Utilization of medical services in the public
health system in the Southern Brazil. Revista de Saúde Pública (Impresso) JR, v. 45, p. 475-484, 2010.
Citações: WEZ OF SCIENCE“ 21 | SCDPUS 15
GIGANTE, Denise ; REICHERT, F. F. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SOUZA, R. V. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; VIEIRA, M. F. A. ; ASSUNCAO,
M.CF.; ARAÚJO, C. L.; MENEZES, Ana Maria B . Dietary assessment in the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study:
comparing energy intake with energy expenditure. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 26, p. 2080-2089,
2010.
Citações: wmEZOrSCENCE“ 4 | SCDPUS 1
ARAÚJO, C. L. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VIEIRA, M. F. A. ; MADRUGA, S. W. ; VICTORA, C.
G. . Nutritional status of adolescents: the 1 1-year follow-up of the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study. Cadernos de
Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) 1€R, v. 26, p. 1895-1903, 2010.

Citações: wEsorscence“ 7 | SuELOM | SCOPUS 5

ARAÚJO, C. L P.; HALLAL, P. C. ; NADER, G. A. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; VIEIRA, M. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ;
VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Effect of birth size and proportionality on BMI and skinfold thickness in early adolescence:
prospective birth cohort study. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition JER, v. 63, p. 634-639, 2009.
Citações: wEZ Cr suENcE= 14 | SCOPUS 12
BARROS, M. ; Nahas, MV ; HALLAL, P. C. ; FARIA JR., J. C. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ; BARROS, S. . Effectiveness of a school-
based intervention on physical activity for high-school students in Brazil: the Saude na Boa Project. Journal of Physical
Activity & Health 1€R, v. 6, p. 163-169, 2009.
Citações: wiEZ OF SCIENCE“ 26 | SCDPUS 23
SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; Nahas, MV ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva da ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ;
THUME, E. ; HALLAL, P. C, . Aconselhamento para prática de atividade física como estratégia de educação à saúde.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ) J€R, v. 25, p. 203-213, 2009.
Citações: wEzcrscence= 21 | BÓELO 35 | SCOPUS 16

BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; WAGNER, A. ; ROSS-DEGNAN, D. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Medicine access
and utilization in a population covered by primary health care in Brazil. Health Policy (Amsterdam. Print) JR, v. 89, p. 295-
302, 2009.
Citações: mes crscence- 36 | SCOPUS 36
REICHERT, F. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; WELLS, Jonathan C K ; EKELUND, U. ; Rodrigues, F. M.; HALLAL, P. C.. A
methodological model for collecting high-quality data on physical activity in developing settings - The experience of the 1993
Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JCR, v. 6, p. 360-366, 2009.

Citações: wEE OF SCIENCE“ 16 | SCEGPUS 17

NEUTZLING, M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P.; HORTA, B. L. ; VIEIRA, M. F. A. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.;
VICTORA, C. G. . Infant feeding and obesity at 11 years: prospective birth cohort study. International Journal of Pediatric
Obesity (Online) IR, v. 7, p. 143-149, 2009.
Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 35 | SCOPUS 25
SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; BASTOS, ). P. ; SILVA, M. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R.
; DUMITH, S. C.; HALLAL, P. C.. Prática de atividade física na adolescência e prevalência de osteoporose na idade adulta.
Revista Brasileira de Medicina do Esporte (Impresso) J€R, v. 15, p. 27-30, 2009.
Citações: wEROrSCENCE“ 5 | SwELO 10 | SCOPUS 4
KNUTH, A. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Temporal trends in physical activity: a systematic review. Journal of Physical Activity &
HealthJ€R, v. 6, p. 548-559, 2009.
Citações: WEZ Or SCIENCE“ 196 | SCOPUS 112

BLANC, P. D. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; PLANA, E. ; MANNINO, D. M. ; HALLAL, P. C.; TOREN, K. ; EISNER, M. D. ;
ZOCK, J. . Occupational Exposures and COPD: An Ecological Analysis of International Data. The European Respiratory
JournalJCR, v. 33, p. 298-304, 2009.

Citações: wEzorscencE“ 47 | SCOPUS 50

SIMOES, E. 3. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PRATT, M. ; RAMOS, L. R. ; MUNK, M. ; DAMASCENO, W. ; PARRA PEREZ, D. ;
HOEHNER, C. M. ; GILBERTZ, D. ; MALTA, D. ; BROWNSON, R. C. . Effects of a community-based, professionally supervised
intervention on physical activity levels among residents of Recife, Brazil.. American Journal of Public Health (1971) J€R, v.
99, p. 68-75, 2009.
Citações: wiEE Or scENCE“ 79 | SCGPUS 69
Nahas, MV ; BARROS, M. V. G. ; ASSIS, M. A. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ; KONRAD, L. . Methods and
Participant Characteristics of a Randomized Intervention to Promote Physical Activity and Healthy Eating Among Brazilian
High School Students: The Saude na Boa Project. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JeR, v. 6, p. 153-162, 2009.

 
362.

363.

364.

365.

366.

367.

368.

369.

370.

371.

372.

373.

374.

375.

376.

377.

378.

379.

Citações: mEB OF SCENE» 18 | SCOPUS 18

REICHERT, F. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; WELLS, Jonathan C K ; DUMITH, S. C. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Physical Activity as a
Predictor of Adolescent Body Fatness: A Systematic Review. Sports Medicine (Auckland) JR, v. 39, p. 279-294, 2009.
Citações: wezorscence= 60 | SCOPUS 59

HALLAL, P. C.; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; NORRIS, S. A. ; VICTORA, C. G.. The role
of early life variables on the risk of fractures from birth to early adolescence: a prospective birth cohort study. Osteoporosis
International JER, v. 20, p. 1873-1879, 2009.
Citações: wEZ Cr sqENcE= 14 | SCGPUS 11

ADAIR, L. S. ; MARTORELL, R. ; STEIN, A. D. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SACHDEV, H. S. ; PRABHAKARAN, D. ; WILLS, A. ;
NORRIS, S. ; DAHLY, D. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Size at birth, weight gain in infancy and childhood, and adult blood pressure in 5
low- and middle-income-country cohorts:when does weight gain matter?. American Journal of Clinical NutritionJeR, v. 89, p.
1983-1392, 2009.
Citações: wEs Cr suEncE= 124 | SCOPUS 87
Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; SILVA, M. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Incapacidade funcional para atividades básicas e instrumentais da
vida diária em idosos. Revista de Saúde Pública (Impresso) J€R, v. 43, p. 796-805, 2009.
Citações: wEZ Cr súENcE= 39 | SCOPUS 27
TASSITANO, R. M. ; TENORIO, M. C. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Revisão sistemática sobre obesidade em adolescentes brasileiros.
Revista Brasileira de Cineantropometria & Desempenho Humano, v. 11, p. 449-456, 2009.
Citações: SCOPUS 7
BEZERRA, ). ; TENORIO, M. C. M. ; TASSITANO, R. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; BARROS, S. S. H. ; BARROS, M. V.G..
Religiosidade, consumo de bebidas alcoólicas e tabagismo em adolescentes. Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública
(Impresa) / Pan American Journal of Public Health (Impresa) JER, v. 26, p. 440-446, 2009.
Citações: wEZCrsqENcE- 5 | SCHPUS 13
KNUTH, A. ; BIELEMANN, R. M. ; SILVA, S. G. ; BORGES, T. T. ; DUCA, G. F. D. ; KREMER, M. M. ; HALLAL, P. C.;
ROMBALDI, Airton José ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Conhecimento de adultos sobre o papel da atividade física na prevenção e
tratamento de diabetes e hipertensão: estudo de base populacional no Sul do Brasil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ)
JER, v. 25, p. 513-520, 2009.
Citações: wEz cr scence= 19 | BELO 60 | SCOPUS 18
BORGES, T. T. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; KNUTH, A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Conhedmento sobre fatores de risco para doenças
crônicas: estudo de base populacional. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ) J€R, v. 25, p. 1511-1520, 2009.
Citações: wEz cr scence= 14 | BaELO 40 | SCOPUS 14
HALLAL, P. C.; CARVALHO, Y. M. ; TASSITANO, R. M. ; TENORIO, M. C. M. ; WARSCHAUER, M. ; REIS, R. S. ; CRUZ, K.
A.C; DAMASCENA, W. ; MALTA, D. C. . Avaliação quali-quantitativa do Programa Academia da Cidade, Recife (PE):
concepções dos professores. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 14, p. 9-14, 2009.

SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; Nahas, MV ; FACCHINI, L A. ; SILVEIRA, D. S. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ; THUME, E. ; REICHERT, F.
F.; HALLAL, P. C.. Fatores considerados pela população como mais importantes para a manutenção da saúde. Revista de
Saúde Pública (Online) JCR, v. 43, p. 961-971, 2009.

Citações: SCOPUS 7

SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; Nahas, MV ; FACCHINI, LA. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ; THUME, E. ; SILVEIRA, D. S. ; HALLAL, P.
C. . Atividade Física em profissionais de saúde do sul e nordeste do Brasil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JR,
v. 25, p. 1917-1928, 2009.

Citações: mEBOrSCENCE= 8 | SrELO 28 | SCOPUS 7

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; LOPEZ, M. V.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MUIÃO, A. ; PADILLA, R. P. ; JARDIM, . R. ; VALDIVIA, G. ;
PERTUZE, J. ; OCA, M. M. TÁLAMO, C. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Prevalence of smoking and incidence of initiation in the Latin
American adult population: the PLATINO study. BMC Public Health (Online) JR, v. 9, p. 151, 2009.
Citações: wEZ cr suENcE= 29 | SCOPUS 25
NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Fatores Associados ao Consumo de Frutas,
Legumes e Verduras em Adultos de uma Cidade no Sul do Brasil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JER, v. 25, p.
2365-2374, 2009.
Citações: wEZ OF sScIENCE“ 34 | SwELO41 | SCUPUS 25
HALLAL, P. C.; REIS, R. S. ; HINO, A. A. F. ; SANTOS, M. S. ; GRANDE, D. ; KREMPEL, M. C. ; CARVALHO, Y. M. ; CRUZ, K.
A.C; MALTA, D. C. . Avaliação de programas comunitários de promoção da atividade física: o caso de Curitiba, Paraná.
Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 14, p. 104-114, 2009.

TASSITANO, R. M. ; BARROS, M. V. G. ; TENORIO, M. C. M. ; BEZERRA, ]. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Prevalência e fatores
associados ao sobrepeso e à obesidade em adolescentes, estudantes de Escolas de Ensino Médio de Pernambuco, Brasil..
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) J€R, v. 25, p. 2639-2652, 2009.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 18 | SELO 30 | SCOPUS 12

HALLAL, P. C.; SILVA, M. C. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; NUNES, V. G. S. ; ADAMOLI, A. N. ; COPETTI,
J.; CORREA, L. Q.; AMORIM, T. E. C. ; BORGES, T. T.; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Consórcio de pesquisa: relato de uma
experiência metodológica na linha de pesquisa em atividade física, nutrição e saúde do curso de mestrado em Educação
Física da UFPEL. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 14, p. 156-163, 2009.

Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Nahas, Markus Vinicius ; Silva, Marcelo Cozzensa da ; Silva, Kelly Samara
da . Aspectos comportamentais e de saúde associados à incapacidade funcional em idosos: estudo de base populacional.
Revista da Educação física (UEM. Online), v. 20, p. 577-585, 2009.

Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; KNUTH, A. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; Nahas, MV ; HALLAL, P. C. . Assodação
entre Nível Econômico e Inatividade Física em Diferentes Domínios. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 14, p.

 

 

 
380.

381.

382.

383.

384.

385.

386.

387.

388.

389.

390.

391.

392.

393.

394.

395.

396.

397.

125-151, 2009.

SILVA, S. M. ; KNUTH, A. ; DUCA, G. F. D. ; CAMARGO, M. B. 1. ; CRUZ, S. H. ; CASTAGNO, V. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.;
HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalência e fatores associados à prática de esportes individuais e coletivos em adolescentes pertencentes
a uma coorte de nascimentos. Revista Brasileira de Educação Física e Esporte (Impresso), v. 23, p. 263-274, 2009.

HALLAL, P. C.. Congresso, Revista e Sociedade Internacionais de Atividade Física e Saúde, Congresso, Revista e Sociedade
Brasileiras de Atividade Física e Saúde (Editorial). Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 14, p. 150-151, 2009.

HALLAL, P. C.. A Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física: Começando 2009 com o pé direito (Editorial). Revista Brasileira de
Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 14, p. 1-2, 2009.

PERES, K. G. ; PERES, M. A. ; ARAÚJO, C. L.; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Social and dental status along
the life course and oral health impacts in adolescents: a population-based birth cohort. Health and Quality of Life Outcomes
JER, v. 7, p. 95, 2009.

Citações: wEZ Cr suEncE= 66 | SCOPUS 33

FLORINDO, A. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MOURA, E. C.; MALTA, D. C. . Practice of physical activities and associated factors in
adults, Brazil, 2006. Revista de Saúde Pública (Impresso) J€R, v. 43, p. S65-73, 2009.

Citações: SCOPUS 67

SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ; THUME, E. ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva
da ; HALLAL, P. C. . Atividade física em adultos e idosos residentes em áreas de abrangência de unidade básicas de saúde
de municípios das regiões Sul e Nordeste do Brasil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ) JER, v. 24, p. 39-54, 2008.
Citações: mezorscence= 49 | BELO 92 | SEGPUS 57

ARAÚJO, CL P.; HALLAL, P. C. ; NADER, G. A. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Size at birth and
height in early adolescence: a prospective birth cohort study. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ) J€R, v. 24, p. 871-878,
2008.

Citações: viEZ OF SCIENCE“ 4 | SCOPUS 4

BLACK, R. E. ; ALLEN, L. H. ; BHUTTA, Z. A. ; CAULFIELOD, L. E. ; de Onis, M; EZZATI, M. ; MATHERS, C. ; RIVERA, ).
; HALLAL, P. C. ; Study Group, Maternal and Child Undernutrition . Maternal and child undernutrition: global and regional
exposures and health consequences. Lancet (British edition) JR, v. 371, p. 243-260, 2008.

Citações: mes orscence= 2977 | SEGPUS 1729

VICTORA, C. G. ; ADAIR, L. ; FALL, C. ; MARTORELL, R. ; RICHTER, L. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Study Group, Maternal and
Child Undernutrition . Maternal and child undernutrition: consequences for adult health and human capital. Lancet J0R, v.
371, p. 340-357, 2008.

Citações: WEZ OF SCENE“ 1767 | SEDPUS 883

MORRIS, S. S. ; COGILL, B. ; UAUY, R.; HALLAL, P. C. ; Study Group, Maternal and Child Undernutrition . Effective
international action against undernutrition: why has it proven so difficult and what can be done to accelerate progress?.
Lancet (British edition) JR, v. 371, p. 608-621, 2008.

Citações: wEzorscence= 143 | SCOPUS 87
BASTOS, J. P.; ARAUJO, C. L. P.; HALLAL, P. €. . Prevalence of insufficient physical activity and associated factors in
Brazilian adolescents. Journal of Physical Activity & HealthJCR, v. 5, p. 777-794, 2008.

Citações: wiEEOr=cENcE“ 60 | SCDPUS 62
HALLAL, P. C.; REICHERT, F. F. ; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; DUMITH, S. C.; BASTOS, . P. ; SILVA, M. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ;
AZEVEDO, M. R. ; EKELUND, U. . Correlates of leisure-time physical activity differ by body mass index status in Brazilian
adults. Journal of Physical Activity & Health JER, v. 5, p. 571-578, 2008.
Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 15 | SCOPUS 14

BRYCE, 3. ; COITINHO, D. ; DARNTON-HILL, 1. ; PELLETIER, D. ; PINSTRUP-ANDERSEN, P. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Study
Group, Maternal and Child Undernutrition . Maternal and Child Undernutrition: Effective Action at National Level. Lancet
(British edition) J€R, v. 371, p. 510-526, 2008.

Citações: WEZ Or SCIENCE“ 238 | SCOPUS 197

WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; HALLAL, P. C. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, CLP;
VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Sleep patterns and television viewing in relation to obesity and blood pressure: evidence from an
adolescent Brazilian birth cohort. International Journal of Obesity JER, v. 32, p. 1042-1049, 2008.

Citações: wesorscrnce= 118 | SEGPUS 101

MALCON, M. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Agreement
between self-reported smoking and cotinine concentration in adolescents: a validation study in Brazil. Journal of Adolescent
HealthJ€R, v. 43, p. 226-230, 2008.

Citações: wEZz cr scEncE= 30 | SCGPUS 24

BHUTTA, Z. A. ; BLACK, R. E. ; AHMED, T. ; COUSENS, S. ; DEWEY, K. ; GIUGLIANI, E. ; HAIDER, B. A. ; KIRKWOOD,
B.; MORRIS, S. S. ; SACHDEV, H.S. ; SHEKAR, M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Study Group, Maternal and Child Undernutrition .
What works? Interventions to affed maternal and child undernutrition and survival globally. Lancet (British edition) JCR, v.
371, p. 417-440, 2008.

Citações: mes orscence= 1203 | SEGPUS 767
BARROS, A. J. D. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; SANTOS, 1. S. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci ; FASSA,
Anaclaudia Gastal ; MARQUES, M. ; ARAÚJO, C. L.P.; HALLAL, P. C. ; FACCHINI, L. A. . O Mestrado do Programa de Pós-
graduação em Epidemiologia da UFPel baseado em consórcio de pesquisa: uma experiência inovadora. Revista Brasileira de

Epidemiologia (Impresso), v. 11, p. 133-144, 2008.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; JARDIM, J. R.; MUIRO, A. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; VALDIVIA, G. ;
PERTUZE, J.; OCA,M.M.: TÁLAMO, C. : PLATINO Study Team . Worldwide burden of COPD in high-and low-income

 

 
398.

399.

400.

401.

402.

403.

404.

405.

406.

407.

408.

409.

410.

411.

412.

413.

414.

415.

countries. Part II. Burden of chronic obstructive lung disease in Latin America: The PLATINO study. The International
Journal of Tuberculosis and Lung Disease JR, v. 12, p. 709-712, 2008.

Citações: wEZ Cr suEncE- 36 | SCGPUS 31

VIEIRA, M. F. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MADRUGA, S. W. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; MATIJACEVICH, A. ; LEAL, C. M.
A. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Estado nutricional de escolares de 13 a 42 séries do ensino fundamental das escolas urbanas da
cidade de Pelotas-RS. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ) JR, v. 24, p. 1667-1674, 2008.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 17 | SELO 58 | SCGPUS 20
GONCALVES, L. G. ; VIEIRA, S. T. ; SIQUEIRA, F. V.; HALLAL, P. C.. Prevalência de quedas em idosos asilados do
muniápio de Rio Grande. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health 1€R, v. 42, p. 938-45, 2008.

Citações: SaELO 2 | SCUPUS 23
PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; GARCIA, J. C. V. ; MARQUEZ, M. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; PLATINO-GROUP ; HALLAL, P. C..
Spirometry quality-control strategies in a multinational study of the prevalence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Respiratory CareJer, v. 53, p. 1019-1026, 2008.
Citações: wezorscence= 43 | SCOPUS 37

VICTORA, C. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L P. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; WELLS, Jonathan CK ; BARROS, F. C..
Cohort Profile: the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study. International Journal of Epidemiology 1€R, v. 37, p. 704-709,
2008.
Citações: wEZorscencE= 141 | SCGPUS 98

BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; WAGNER, A. ; ROSS-DEGNAN, D. ; HALLAL, P. C.. A descriptive
review of the methodologies used in household surveys on mediane utilization. BMC Health Services Research ER, v. 8, p.
222, 2008.

Citações: wEZOrSCENCE“ 27 | SCGPUS 28

BOUSCOULET, T. L. ; VÁZQUEZ-GARCÍA, 3. C. ; MUIÃO, A. ; MARQUEZ, M. ; LOPEZ, M. V.; OCA, M. M. ; TALAMO, C. ;
VALDIVIA, G. ; PERTUZE, J. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PLATINO-GROUP. Prevalence of
Sleep Related Symptoms in Four Latin American Cities. Journal of Clinical Sleep Medidneer, v. 4, p. 1-8, 2008.

SILVA, M. C. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Participação atual e passada em academias de
ginástica entre adultos: prevalência e fatores associados. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 13, p. 28-36,
2008.

HALLAL, P. C.; ANSELMI, L. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Influência de variáveis psicológicas e da infânda sobre os níveis de
atividade física e desempenho motor aos quatro anos de idade. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 13, p. 65-
74, 2008.

Montes de Oca, M ; TÁLAMO, C. ; PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; MUIÃIO, A. ; JARDIM, 3. R. ; VALDIVIA, G. ;
PERTUZE, J. ; MORENO, D. ; HALBERT R. J. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; TEAM, T. P. . Use of respiratory
medication in five Latin American cities: The PLATINO study. Pulmonary Pharmacology & Therapeutics 1€R, v. 21, p. 788-
793, 2008.

Citações: wEzCrscENcE= 13 | SCOPUS 5

TÁLAMO, C. ; PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; Montes de Oca, M ; JARDIM, 3. R. ; MUIÃO, A. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; VALDIVIA, G. ;
PERTUZE, J. ; MORENO, D. ; HALBERT R. J. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; TEAM, T. P. . Chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease and body mass index in five Latin America cities: the PLATINO study.. Respiratory MedicineJcr, v. 102,
p. 642-50, 2008.

Citações: wEzCrsuENcE= 53 | SCOPUS 32

Lopez Varela, M.V ; MUIÃO, A. ; PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; TÁLAMO, C. ; OCA, M. M. ; VALDIVIA, G. ; PERTUZE,
J.; HALBERT, R. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. €. ; PLATINO-GROUP . Treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary
Disease in 5 Latin American Cities: The PLATINO Study. Archivos de Bronconeumologia (Ed. impresa) JR, v. 44, p. 58-64,
2008.

HUICHO, L. ; SCHERPBIER, R. W. ; NKOWANE, M. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; AMARAL, ). ; EL ARIFEEN, S. ; SCHELLENBERG,
J. A. ; GOUWS, E. ; PARIYO, G. ; HALLAL, P. €. . How much does quality of child care vary between health workers with
differing durations of training? An observational multicountry study.. Lancet (British edition) JR, v. 372, p. 910-916, 2008.
Citações: wezorscence= 67 | SCOPUS 60
MENEZES, A. M. B. ; MINTEN, G. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; HORTA, B. L ; GIGANTE, D. P.; BARROS, F.C. .
Tabagismo na coorte de nascimentos de 1982: da adolescência à vida adulta, Pelotas, RS. Revista de Saúde Pública
(Impresso) JR, v. 48, p. S78-85, 2008.
Citações: wEzcrscence= 13 | BuELO22 | SCOPUS 13
MENEZES, A. M. B. ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa ; MINTEN, G. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; HORTA, B. L. ; GIGANTE,
D. P.; BARROS, F.C. . Prevalência de chiado no peito em adultos da coorte de nascimentos de 1982, Pelotas, RS. Revista
de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health JcR, v. 42, p. 101-107, 2008.
Citações: wER Or SCIENCE“ 3 | SwELO 16 | SCOPUS 4
HALLAL, P. C.. Do diagnóstico à acão: A promoção da atividade física como prioridade em saúde (Editorial). Revista
Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 13, p. 1-1, 2008.
SILVA, L. C. ; KNUTH, A. ; AMORIM, T. E. C. ; KREMER, M. M. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R..
Atividade física de pais e filhos: um estudo de base populadonal. Revista Brasileira de Educação Física e Esporte (Impresso),
v. 22, p. 257-263, 2008.
HALLAL, P. C.; BORGES, T. T. . Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde: situação atual e perspectivas (Editorial).
Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 13, p. 124-125, 2008.

MENEZES, A. M. B.; HALLAL, P. C. ; HORTA, B. L. . Early determinants of smoking in adolescence: a prospective
birth cohort study. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JR, v. 23, p. 347-354, 2007.

 
416.

417.

418.

419.

420.

421.

422.

423.

424.

425.

426.

427.

428.

429.

430.

431.

432.

Citações: mEB OF SCENTES 19 | SELO 66 | SCUPUS 19

AZEVEDO, M. R. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; SILVA, M. C. ; HALLAL, P. C.
« Gender differences in leisure-time physical activity. International Journal of Public Health (Print) JR, v. 52, p. 8-15, 2007.
Citações: wezorscence= 212 | SCOPUS 93

MENEZES, A. M. B.; HALLAL, P. C.; HORTA, B. L. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; VIEIRA, M. F. ; NEUTZLING, M. ; BARROS, F.
C. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Size at birth and blood pressure in early adolescence: a prospedtive birth cohort study. American
Journal of Epidemiology JER, v. 165, p. 611-616, 2007.
Citações: wEZorsqEncE= 34 | SCGPUS 25
TALAMO, C. ; OCA, M. M. ; HALBERT, R. ; PADILLA, R. P.; JARDIM, . R. ; MUINO, A. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; VALDIVIA, G. ;
PERTUZE, J. ; MORENO, D. ; Menezes, A. M B; HALLAL, P. €. . Diagnostic labeling of chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease in five Latin American aties. Chest (American College of Chest Physicians) JR, v. 131, p. 60-67, 2007.
Citações: wiEE OF SCIENCE“ 87 | SCDPUS 66

AZEVEDO, M. R.; ARAÚJO, C.L.P.; SILVA, M.C.; HALLAL, P. €. . Tracking of physical activity from adolescence to
adulthood: a population-based study. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health JER, v. 41, n.1, p. 69-75, 2007.
Citações: WEZ OF SCIENCE“ 79 | SwELO 92 | SCUPUS 76

REICHERT, F. F. ; BARROS, Aluísio Jardim Dornellas de ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. . The role of perceived
personal barriers to engagement in leisure-time physical activity. American Journal of Public Health (1971) CR, v. 97, p.
515-519, 2007.
Citações: we=orscence= 208 | SCUPUS 114

ARAÚJO, C.L P.; DUTRA, C. L.; HALLAL, P. €. . Validity of maternal report on birthweight 11 years after delivery:
1993 Pelotas birth cohort study, Rio Grande do Sul State, Brazil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) JR, v. 23, p.
2421-2427, 2007.
Citações: wEzcrscence= 13 | BoELO 18 | SCOPUS 6

HALLAL, P. C.; DUMITH, S. C. ; BASTOS, 3. P. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; AZEVEDO, M. R..
Evolução da pesquisa epidemiológica em atividade física no Brasil: uma revisão sistemática. Revista de Saúde Pública /
Journal of Public HealthJCR, v. 41, p. 453-460, 2007.

Citações: wEZOrsCENcE= 76 | SYELO 92 | SCOPUS 78

GAZALLE, Fernando Kratz ; FREY, B. N.; HALLAL, P. C. ; ANDREAZZA, A. C. ; CUNHA, À. B.; SANTIN, A. ;
KAPCZINSKI, F. . Mismatch between self-reported quality of life and functional assessment in acute mania: A matter of
unawareness of illness?. Journal of Affective Disorders4ER, v. 103, p. 247-252, 2007.
Citações: wEZ Cr suENcE= 32 | SCOPUS 24

GAZALLE, Fernando Kratz ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ANDREAZZA, A. C. ; FREY, B. N. ; SANT'ANNA, M. K. ; MAGNUS, F. W. ;
COSTA, S. C. ; SANTIN, A. ; KAPCZINSKI, F. . Manic symptoms and quality of life in bipolar disorder. Psychiatry Research
JER, v. 153, p. 33-38, 2007.
Citações: WEZ OF SCIENCE“ 28 | SCDPUS 24

GAZALLE, Fernando Kratz ; HALLAL, P. C. ; TRAMONTINA, ). ; ROSA, A. R. ; ANDREAZZA, A. C. ; ZANATTO, V.;
SANTIN, A. ; KAPCZINSKI, F. ; CERESÉR, K. M.. Polypharmacy and suicide attempts in bipolar disorder. Revista Brasileira
de Psiquiatria (São Paulo) ER, v. 29, p. 35-38, 2007.

Citações: wEzorscencE“ 14 | SCOPUS 12

PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; BOUSCOULET, LT. ; GARCIA, ). C. V. ; MUIRO, A. ; MARQUEZ, M. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; OCA, M.M. ;
TÁLAMO, C. ; VALDIVIA, G. ; PERTUZE, J. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; HALLAL, P. €. ; PLATINO-GROUP . Valores de referencia para
espirometría despues de la inhalación de 200 microgramos de salbutamol.. Archivos de Bronconeumologia (Ed. impresa) ER
| 4. 43, p. 530-534, 2007.

Citações: wEE OF SCIENCE“ 13 | SCEGPUS 15

TASSITANO, R. M. ; BEZERRA, J. ; TENORIO, M. C. M. ; COLARES, V. ; BARROS, M. V. G. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Atividade física
em adolescentes brasileiros: uma revisão sistemática. Revista Brasileira de Cineantropometria & Desempenho Humano
(Impresso), v. 9, p. 55-60, 2007.

NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P.; VIEIRA, M. F. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.. Frequência de
consumo de dietas ricas em gordura e pobres em fibra entre adolescentes. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public
HealthJcr, v. 41, p. 336-342, 2007.

Citações: wEzcrscence= 30 | BaELO92 | SCOPUS 34

SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ; THUME, E. ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva
da ; VIEIRA, V.; HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalência de quedas em idosos e fatores associados. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal
of Public Health JCR, v. 41, p. 749-756, 2007.

Citações: wiEE OF SCIENCE“ 78 | SwELO 92 | SCSPUS 70

HALLAL, P. C.; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; MUINO, A. ; CHATKIN, Moema ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; BARROS, F.C. . Risk factors
for wheezing in early adolescence: a prospective birth cohort study in Brazil. Annals of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology JR,
v. 98, p. 427-431, 2007.

Citações: wEzorscencE“ 13 | SCOPUS 13

PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MARQUEZ, M. ; MUIRO, A. ; GARCIA, 3. C. V. ; LOPEZ, M. V.; OCA, M. M. ;
VALDIVIA, G. ; PERTUZE, ). ; JARDIM, J. R. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; PLATINO-GROUP . Impact of bronchodilator use on the
prevalence of COPD in population-based samples.. COPD (Monticello. Sullivan County) JR, v. 4, p. 113-120, 2007.
MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PADILLA, R. P. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; MUIRO, A. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; VALDIVIA, G. ; OCA, M.
M. ; TÁLAMO, C.; PERTUZE, J. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; TEAM, T. P. . Tuberculosis and airflow obstrudtion: evidence
from the PLATINO study in Latin America.. The European Respiratory Journal JR, v. 30, p. 1180-1185, 2007.

Citações: wEz or soence= 140 | SCOPUS 75
433.

434.

435.

436.

437.

438.

439.

440.

441.

442.

443.

444.

445.

446.

447.

448.

449.

450.

  

MENEZES, A. M. B.
716-717, 2007.
Citações: wEZ Cr sCENcE= 10 | SCGPUS 9

GONÇALVES, H. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AMORIM, T. E. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P.; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Fatores sodoculturais e nível
de atividade física no início da adolescência. Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública / Pan American Journal of Public Health
JER, v. 22, p. 246-253, 2007.

Citações: wiEE Or SCIENCE“ 58 | SELO 92 | SCOGPUS 53

VIEIRA, M. F. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C.L.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Diagnosis of overweight
and obesity in adolescents from the 1993 Pelotas Birth Cohort Study, Rio Grande do Sul State, Brazil: comparison of two
diagnostic criteria. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ) I€R, v. 23, p. 2993-2999, 2007.
Citações: wesorscence= 3 | BuELO 18 | SCOPUS 8
KNUTH, A. G. ; BORGES, T. T. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Conhecimento dos acadêmicos de Educação Física sobre
os efeitos da atividade física na prevenção e tratamento do diabetes. Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento, v. 15, p. 7-
14, 2007.
Citações: SCUPUS 2
Nahas, MV ; BARROS, M. V. G. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ; FARIA JR.,J. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; KONRAD, L. ; BARROS, S.S. H.;
ASSIS, M. A. A. . Reprodutibilidade e validade do questionário Saúde na Boa para avaliar atividade física e hábitos
alimentares em escolares do ensino médio. Revista Brasileira de Atividade Física e Saúde, v. 12, p. 12-20, 2007.

ARAÚJO, C. LP. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; HALLAL, P. C. ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci . Breastfeeding and
overweight in childhood: evidence from the Pelotas 1993 birth cohort study. International Journal of Obesity CR, v. 30, p.
500-506, 2006.

Citações: wiEE Or scCENCE“ 50 | SCEGPUS 49

VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VIEIRA, M. F. ; NEUTZLING, M. B.
; GONÇALVES, H. ; VALLE, N. C. ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa ; ANSELMI, L. ; BEHAGUE, D. ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci ;
BARROS, F. C. . Methodological aspects of the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of
Public Health 1€R, v. 40, n.1, p. 39-46, 2006.

Citações: viEE Or =cIENCE“ 93 | SELO 79 | SCOPUS 75

GAZALLE, F. K. ; ANDREAZZA, A. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SANT'ANNA, M. K. ; CERESER, K. ; SOARES, 3. ; SANTIN, A. ;
KAPCZINSKI, F. . Bipolar depression: the importance of being on remission. Revista Brasileira de Psiquiatria (São Paulo.
1999. Impresso) J€R, v. 28, n.2, p. 93-96, 2006.
Citações: wEzcrscence= 23 | BoELO9 | SCOPUS 21

HALLAL, P. C.; BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; GONÇALVES, H. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Prevalência de
sedentarismo e fatores assocados em adolescentes de 10-12 anos de idade. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (FIOCRUZ) J€R, v.
22, 1.6, p. 1277-1287, 2006.

WELLS, Jonathan C K ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MANNING, J. T. ; VICTORA, C. G. . A trade-off between early growth rate
and fluctuating asymmetry in Brazilian boys. Annals of Human Biology J€R, v. 33, n.1, p. 112-124, 2006.

Citações: wiEE Or scCENcE“ 14 | SCBPUS 6
q HALLAL, P. C.; WELLS, Jonathan C K ; REICHERT, F. F. ; ANSELMI, L. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Early
determinants of physical activity in adolescence: prospective birth cohort study. BMJ. British Medical JournalJCR, v. 32, p.
1002-1007, 2006.
Citações: wEzOr=SCENCE“ 93 | SCOPUS 1

BOHLKE, M. ; ROCHA, M. ; GOMES, R. H. ; MARINI, S. S. ; TERHORST, L. ; BARCELLOS, F. C.; HALLAL, P. C..
Tacrolimus and Quality of Life after Kidney Transplantation - A Multicenter Study. Clinical Transplantation JR, v. 20, n.4, p.
504-508, 2006.
Citações: wezorsoence= 8 | SCHPUS 12

MENEZES, A. M. B.; GONÇALVES, H. ; ANSELMI, L. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. . Smokingin early
adolescence: evidence from the 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. Journal of Adolescent Health JR, v. 30, p. 669-
677, 2006.

Citações: wEZ cr sqENcE= 14 | SCGPUS 17
e HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, C. G. ; AZEVEDO, M. R.; WELLS, Jonathan C K . Adolescent physical activity and health: a
systematic review. Sports Medicine, v. 36, n.12, p. 1019-1030, 2006.

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; HALLAL, P. C. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D . Physical activity and medicine use: evidence
from a population-based study. BMC Public Health (Online) JR, v. 6, n.224, p. 224, 2006.
Citações: wezorscence= 29 | SCOPUS 28
PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; GARCIA, J. C. V. ; MARQUEZ, M. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; PERTUZE, J. ; LISBOA, C. ; MUIÃO, A. ; LOPEZ, M.
V.; TÁLAMO, C.; OCA, M. M. ; VALDIVIA, G. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; TEAM, T. P.; HALLAL, P. C. . The long-term stability
of portable spirometers used in a multinational study of the prevalence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Respiratory CareJer, v. 51, p. 1167-1171, 2006.
Citações: wEzorscence= 57 | SCOPUS 48
PÉREZ-PADILLA, R. ; VALDIVIA, G. ; MUINO, A. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; MARQUEZ, M. ; OCA, M. M. ; TALAMO, C. ; LISBOA, C. ;
PERTUZE, J. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; MENEZES, A. M. B.; HALLAL, P. C. ; PLATINO-GROUP . Spirometric Reference Values in 5
Large Latin American Cities for Subjects Aged 40 Years or Over. Archivos de Bronconeumologia (Ed. impresa) CR, v. 42, p.
317-325, 2006.

Citações: wEzorscencE“ 44 | SCOPUS 58
HALLAL, P. C.; MATSUDO, Sandra M ; MATSUDO, Victor M ; ARAUJO, Timóteo ; ANDRADE, Douglas R ; BERTOLDI,
Andréa D. Physical activity level in adults from two Brazilian areas: similarities and differences. Cadernos de Saúde Pública

; HALLAL, P. €.. Role of passive smoking on COPD risk in non-smokers. Lancet JCR, v. 370, p.
451.

452.

453.

454.

455.

456.

457.

458.

459.

460.

461.

462.

463.

464.

465.

466.

467.

468.

469.

(ENSP. Impresso) CR, v. 21, n.2, p. 573-580, 2005.

COSTA, Juvenal Dias da ; HALLAL, P. C. ; WELLS, Jonathan Ck ; DALTOÉ, Tiago ; FUCHS, Sandra C ; MENEZES, Ana
Maria B; OLINTO, Maria Tereza A . Epidemiology of leisure-time physical activity: a population-based study in Southern
Brazil. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) Jr, Brasil, v. 21, n.1, p. 275-282, 2005.

dr HALLAL, P. C.; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; ARAÚJO, C. P. ; VICTORA,
Cesar Gomes . Who, when and how much: epidemiology of walking in a middle-income country. American Journal of
Preventive MedicineJR, Estados Unidos, v. 28, n.2, p. 156-161, 2005.
Citações: wezorscence= 60 | SCOPUS 69

BARROS, F. C. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; BARROS, Aluísio J D; SANTOS, 1. S. ; ALBERNAZ, E. ; MATUACEVICH, A. ;
DOMINGUES, M. R. ; SCLOWITZ, 1. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SILVEIRA, Mariângela ; VAUGHAN, . P. . The challenge of reducing
neonatal mortality in middle-income countries: findings from three Brazilian birth cohorts, 1982-1993-2004. Lancet J€R, v.
365, n.9462, p. 847-854, 2005.

Citações: wez or scence= 199 | SEGPUS 149
GAZALLE, F. K. ; ANDREAZZA, A. C. ; CERESÉR, K. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SANTIN, A. ; KAPCZINSKI, F.. Clinical
impact of late diagnose of bipolar disorder. Journal of Affective Disorders JR, v. 86, n.2-3, p. 313-316, 2005.

Citações: wEzOr=SCENCE“ 31 | SCBPUS 31

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; PEREZPADILLA, R. ; CAMELIER, A. ; ROSA, F. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalence of
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Associated Factors: The Platino Study in Sao Paulo. Cadernos de Saúde Pública
(FIOCRUZ) J€R, v. 21, n.5, p. 1565-1573, 2005.

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; BARROS, Aluísio Jardim Dornellas de ; HALLAL, P. C. . Generic drugs in Brazil: known
to many, used by few. Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) ICR, v. 21, n.6, p. 1808-1815, 2005.

RAYMUNDO, José Luiz Pozo ; RECKERS, Leandro José ; LOCKS, Renato ; SILVA, L. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Perfil das lesões e
evolução da capacidade física em atletas profissionais de futebol durante uma temporada. Revista Brasileira de Ortopedia, v.
40, n.6, p. 341-348, 2005.
Citações: SCOPUS 5

SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; HALLAL, P. €. . The burden of fractures in Brazil: a population-
based study. Bone (New York) 1€R, v. 37, n.2, p. 261-266, 2005.
Citações: wEzcrsaEncE= 21 | SCOPUS 21

SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Epidemiology of physiotherapy utilization among
adults and elderly. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health J€R, v. 39, n.4, p. 663-668, 2005.
Citações: wEzorscence= 15 | SoELO 40 | SCOPUS 12
MOTA, D. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Investigação de disfunção miccional em uma amostra
populacional de crianças de 3 a 9 anos. Jornal de Pediatria (Impresso) JR, v. 81, n.2-3, p. 225-232, 2005.
Citações: SCOPUS 23

MASSON, C. R. ; COSTA, Juvenal Soares Dias da ; OLINTO, M. T. A. ; MENEGUEL, S. ; COSTA, C. C. ; BAIRROS, F. ;
HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalência de sedentarismo nas mulheres adultas da cidade de São Leopoldo, Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil.
Cadernos de Saúde Pública (ENSP. Impresso) 1€R, v. 21, n.6, p. 1685-1695, 2005.

HALLAL, P. C.; WELLS, Jonathan Ck ; BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; GAZALLE, F. K. ; SILVA, M. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ;
CARRET, M. L.V. ; ARAÚJO, C. L.; GIGANTE, D. P.. A shift in the epidemiology of low body mass index in Brazilian adults.
European Journal of Clinical Nutrition JR, v. 59, n.9, p. 1002-1006, 2005.

Citações: wezorscence= 6 | SCHPUS 5

WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SINGHAL, A. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; WRIGHT, A. . Fetal,
infant and childhood growth: relationships with body composition in Brazilian boys aged 9 years. International Journal of.
ObesityJCR, v. 29, n.10, p. 1192-1198, 2005.

Citações: meg orscence= 125 | SEGPUS 100

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. €. ; SANTOS, I. S. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; BARROS, F.C. . Infant mortality in Pelotas,
Brazil: a comparison of risk factors in two birth cohorts. Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública / Pan American Journal of
Public Health cr, v. 18, n.6, p. 439-446, 2005.

Citações: wiEE OF SCIENCE“ 17 | SEGPUS 20

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; PEREZPADILLA, R. ; JARDIM, J. R. ; MUIRO, A. ; LOPEZ, M. V. ; VALDIVIA, G. ; OCA, M. M. ;
TALAMO, C. ; HALLAL, P. €. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in five Latin American cities:
The PLATINO study. Lancet (British edition) JeR, v. 366, p. 1875-1881, 2005.
Citações: mes orscence= 573 | SCOPUS 472

CARRET, Maria Laura Vidal ; FASSA, Anaclaudia Gastal ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva da ; BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ;
HALLAL, P. C. . Sintomas de Doenças Sexualmente Transmissíveis em Adultos: Prevalência e Fatores de Risco. Revista de
Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health JCR, Brasil, v. 38, p. 76-84, 2004.
Citações: wiEE OF SCIENCE“ 25 | SwELO 78 | SCUPUS 22

COSTA, Juvenal Soares Dias da ; SILVEIRA, Mariângela ; OLIVEIRA, Sandro ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria ;
GIGANTE, Denise ; OLINTO, Maria Tereza ; MACEDO, Silvia . Consumo abusivo de álcool e fatores associados: estudo de
base populacional. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health J€R, v. 38, n.2, p. 284-291, 2004.
Citações: mes orscence= 37 | SuELO92 | SCGPUS 59

GAZALLE, Fernando Kratz ; LIMA, Maurício Silva de ; TAVARES, Beatriz Frank ; HALLAL, P. C. . Sintomas depressivos
e fatores associados em uma população idosa no sul do Brasil. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health JR, v.
38, p. 365-371, 2004.

Citações: ves orscence- 32 | SoELO92 | SEGPUS 41
470.

471.

472.

473.

474.

475.

476.

477.

478.

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; BARROS, Aluísio J D; HALLAL, P. C. ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa . Utilização de
medicamentos em adultos: prevalência e determinantes individuais. Revista de Saúde Pública / Journal of Public Health JR,
v. 38, n.2, p. 228-238, 2004.

Citações: wemorscence= 68 | SuELO92 | SCOPUS 69
HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Reliability and validity of the International Physical Activity Questionnaire.
Medicine and Science in Sports and ExerciseJer, v. 36, p. 556, 2004.

Citações: wEE Or SCIENCE“ 243 | SCOPUS 147
HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; WELLS, Jonathan CK ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa ; VALLE, Neiva CJ . Comparison
between short and full-length International Physical Activity Questionnaires (IPAQ). Journal Of Physical Activity And Health,
v. 1, n.3, p. 227-234, 2004.

GAZALLE, Fernando Kratz ; HALLAL, P. C. ; LIMA, Maurício Silva de . Depressão na população idosa: os médicos
estão investigando?. Revista Brasileira de Psiquiatria (São Paulo) CR, v. 26, n.3, p. 145-49, 2004.
Citações: SwELO 72 | SCHPUS 13
MENEZES, Ana ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SILVA, Fernando ; SOUZA, Marcos ; PAIVA, Luciene ; D'ÁVILA, Aline ; WEBER, Bianca ;
VAZ, Viviane ; MARQUES, Fernando ; HORTA, Bernardo . Tabagismo em estudantes de Medicina: tendências temporais e
fatores associados. Jornal Brasileiro de Pneumologia, v. 30, n.3, p. 140-145, 2004.

MENEZES, Ana Maria ; MACEDO, Silvia Cardoso ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci ; COSTA, Juvenal Dias da ; OLINTO, Maria
Teresa ; FISS, Edgar ; CHATKIN, Moema ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Prevalence And Risk Factors For
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease According To Symptoms And Spirometry. Journal Of Chronic Obstructive Pumonary
Diseases, v. 1, n.2, p. 173-179, 2004.

HALLAL, P. C.; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes . Compliance with vigorous physical activity guidelines in Brazilian adults:
prevalence and correlates. Journal Of Physical Activity And Health, v. 1, n.4, p. 389-397, 2004.

HALLAL, P. C.; NASCIMENTO, Rafael Ribeiro ; HACKBART, Luíse ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Fatores intervenientes
associados ao abandono do futsal em adolescentes. Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento, v. 12, n.3, p. 27-32, 2004.
Citações: SCOPUS 3

q HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa . Physical
Inactivity: Prevalence and Associated Variables in Brazilian Adults. Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise Jr, Estados
Unidos, v. 35, p. 1894-1900, 2003.

Citações: wiEE OF SCIENCE“ 243 | SCOPUS 223

WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci ; WRIGHT, Anthony ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VICTORA, Cesar
Gomes . Validation of leg-to-leg impedance for body composition assessment in male Brazilians aged 16-19years.
International Journal of Body Composition Research, v. 1, p. 1-6, 2003.

Livros publicados/organizados ou edições

BARROS, M. V. G. ; REIS, R.S. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; FLORINDO, A. A. ; FARIAS JUNIOR, 3. C. . Análise de dados em saúde. 3.
ed. Londrina: Midiograf, 2012. v. 1.

FLORINDO, A. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Epidemiologia da Atividade Física. 1. ed. São Paulo: Atheneu, 2011. v. 01. 205p .
BARROS, M. V. G. ; REIS, R.S. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; FLORINDO, A. A. . Análise de dados em saúde. 2. ed. Recife: EDUPE,
2005. v. 1. 240p .

Capítulos de livros publicados

BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; BARROS, F. C. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; OLIVEIRA, P. D. ; VIEIRA, M. F. ; HORTA, B.
L.; SILVA, H. D. G. ; BARROS, Aluísio 3 D; TOVO- RODRIGUES, LUCIANA ; Murray, J ; VICTORA, C. G. . Tendências e
desigualdades em saúde materna e infantil em uma cidade brasileira: metodologia e descrição sociodemográfica de quatro
coortes de nascimento de base populacional, 1982-2015. Epidemiologia da Desigualdade. Quatro décadas de coortes de
nascimentos. 1ed.Rio de Janeiro: , 2019, v. 1, p. 19-40.

JEREMIAS, M. S. ; HALLAL, P. R. C.; NEDEL, F. B. . Internações hospitalares por condições sensíveis à atenção primária em
Lages, SC. In: Carmem Lúcia B. Moreira; Jacqueline da Silva Dutra. (Org.). Saúde Pública Baseada em Evidências.
1ed.Pelotas: Editora e Gráfica Universitária, 2011, v. 1, p. 4-69.

VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; González, D.A ; HALLAL, P. C. . Epidemiologia do Ciclo Vital. Epidemiologia e Saúde.
Fundamentos, Métodos, Aplicações. Oled.Rio de Janeiro: Guanabara Koogan, 2011, v., p. 438-451.

BIANCHIN, 3. P. ; HALLAL, P. R. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Avaliação do manejo da hipertensão arterial e caracterização dos
hipertensos atendidos na atenção básica do município de Arvoredo, SC. In: Carmem Lúdia B. Moreira; Jacqueline da Silva
Dutra. (Org.). Saúde Pública Baseada em Evidências. 01ed.Pelotas: Editora e Gráfica Universitária, 2010, v. O1, p. 04-69.
MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; HALLAL, P. C. . Histórico, objetivos e metodologia básica.. In: Ana Maria
Baptista Menezes. (Org.). Platino ? Projeto Latino-americano de investigação em obstrução pulmonar. Montevideo: ALAT,
2007, v., p. 1-28.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalência de DPOC. In: Ana Maria Baptista Menezes. (Org.). Platino ? Projeto
Latino-americano de investigação em obstrução pulmonar. Montevideo: ALAT, 2007, v., p. 45-52.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Fatores de risco para DPOC. In: Ana Maria Baptista Menezes. (Org.). Platino ? Projeto
Latino-americano de investigação em obstrução pulmonar. Montevideo: ALAT, 2007, v., p. 69-78.

MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; HALLAL, P. C. . Tabagismo. In: Ana Maria Baptista Menezes. (Org.). Platino ? Projeto Latino-
americano de investigação em obstrução pulmonar. Montevideo: ALAT, 2007, v., p. 79-92.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Discussão. In: Ana Maria Baptista Moreira. (Org.). Platino ? Projeto Latino-americano
de investigação em obstrução pulmonar. Montevideo: ALAT, 2007, v., p. 133-137.

 
HALLAL, P. C.; ANJOS, L. A. . Epidemiologia da atividade fisica. In: Gilberto Kac, Denise Gigante, Rosely Sichieri. (Org.).
Epidemiologia Nutricional. 1ed.Rio de Janeiro: Fiocruz, 2007, v. 26, p. 461-472.

UNGER, D. ; NASCIMENTO, 3. V. ; BARROS, M. V. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Educação Física. In: Ana Estela Haddad. (Org.). A
trajetória dos cursos de graduação na área de saúde: 1991-2004. Brasilia: INEP, 2006, v., p. 87-139.

Textos em jornais de notícias/ revistas

HALLAL, P. C.. Excesso de atividades físicas pode prejudicar desempenho escolar, aponta estudo. Zero Hora, 03 dez. 2012.
HALLAL, P. C.. Viver parado faz mal para a saúde. Diário Gaúcho, 06 ago. 2012.

Hallal, Pedro C.; KNUTH, A. . O brasileiro é fisicamente ativo?. Portal Determinantes Sociais da Saúde, online, Rio de
Janeiro/RJ, 30 jul. 2012.

HALLAL, P. C.. A inatividade é uma pandemia. Jornal Pioneiro, online, Caxias do Sul/RS, Caxias do SUI, 24 jul. 2012.
HALLAL, P. C.. Impacto igual ao do fumo. Jornal Pioneiro, Caxias do Sul, 24 jul. 2012.

HALLAL, P. C.. Sedentarismo é uma pandemia. Diário de Santa Maria, Santa Maria, 23 jul. 2012.

HALLAL, P. C.. Pandemia de Inatividade. Jornal A Notícia, Joinvile, SC, 22 jul. 2012.

HALLAL, P. C.. 10% das mortes estão ligadas ao sedentarismo. Jornal de Santa Catarina, 21 jul. 2012.

HALLAL, P. C.. As razões passam até pela criminalidade. Zero Hora, 18 jul. 2012.

Hallal, Pedro Curi. Pesquisa feita em Pelotas revela que adultos brasileiros correm alto risco de adquirirem doenças
crônicas. Zero Hora, Porto Alegre, 02 fev. 2012.

Hallal, Pedro C.. Xô, sedentarismo!. Revista Professor Mestre online, Curitiba/PR.

 

Trabalhos completos publicados em anais de congressos

HALLAL, P. C.. Atividade física total: lazer, deslocamentos, trabalho e serviços domésticos. In: XXII Simpósio Nacional de
Educação Física, 2003, Pelotas. XXII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física, 2003.

HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; LIMA, Rosângela da Costa . Prevalência e fatores associados ao sedentarismo em
adultos. In: XXII Simpósio Nadonal de Educação Física, 2003, Pelotas. XXII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física, 2003.
HALLAL, P. C.; LANGONE, Andréa ; CRUZ, Cíntia ; ROSSO, Diego ; LIN, Huei Ju ; KAISER, Igor ; GUARENTI, Isabelle ;
PADILHA, Luciane ; SCHERER, Tiago . Epidemiologia da obesidade em frequentadores de academias de ginástica. In: XXII
Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física, 2003, Pelotas. XXII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física, 2003.

HALLAL, P. C.; NASCIMENTO, Rafael Ribeiro ; HACKBART, Luíse ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Fatores motivacionais que
levam ao abandono esportivo por parte de crianças e adolescentes. In: XX Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física, 2001,
Pelotas. XX Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física - Coletânea de Textos e Resumos. Pelotas: Editora Universitária UFPel,
2001.

Resumos expandidos publicados em anais de congressos

1.

SILVA, H. D. G. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; ARAUJO, C. L. P. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Quem relata mais
discriminação? Visita de 11 anos da coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas (RS), 1993. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde
Coletiva, 2009, Recife. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2009.

Resumos publicados em anais de congressos

Hallal, Pedro Curi. Physical activity surveillance Worldwide: Past, presente and future. In: 6th International Conference on
Ambulatorial Monitoring of physical activitity and movement, 2019, Maastricht. Anais 6th International Conference on
Ambulatorial Monitoring of physical activitity and movement, 2019.
SILVA, S. G. ; SILVA, B. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; EVENSON, K. ; Curi Hallal, P . Leisure-time physical
activity during pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: preliminary results from the 2015 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. In:
Epidemiology Congress of the Americas, 2016, Miami. Anais Epidemiology Congress of the Americas, 2016.
GIEHL, M. W. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; CORSEUIL, C. W. ; D?ORSI, E. . Built environment and walking behavior among Brazilian
older adults: a population-based Study. In: Epidemiology Congress of the Americas, 2016, Miami. Anais do Congress of the
Americas Abstract Book, 2016.
DA SILVA, BRUNA G C ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; SILVA, S. G. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; PRATT, M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO
C. Screen time during adolescence and intelligence Quotient at 18 years o age: results from 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth
cohort study. In: Congress of the Americas, 2016, Miami. Anais do Congress of the Americas Abstract Book, 2016.
BIELEMANN, RENATA M. ; VAZ, J. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; MATIJACEVICH, A. ; SANTOS, 1. S. ; EKELUND, U. ; HORTA,
Bernardo ; HALLAL, P. C.. Are consumption of dairy products and physical acivity independentiy related to bone mineral
density of 6 years-old children?. In: Congress of the Americas, 2016, Miami. Anais do Congress of the Americas Abstract
Book, 2016.
DA SILVA, BRUNA G C ; HALLAL, P. C. . Physical Activity During Adolescence and Lung Function Gain from 15 to 18 Years
of Age. In: 63 rd Annual Meeting of the American College of Sports Medicine, 2016, Miami. Anais do 63 rd Annual Meeting
of the American College of Sports Mediane,, 2016.
RAPHAELLI, C. O. ; AZEVEDO, M. R.; HALLAL, P. C. . Práticas alimentares saudáveis realizadas por adolescentes de um
muniápio do Sul do Brasil. In: XXIV Congresso Brasileiro de Nutrição, 2016, Porto Alegre. Anais do XXIV Congresso
Brasileiro de Nutrição, 2016.
RAPHAELLI, C. O. ; BUENO, M. M. ; MUNIZ, L. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Associação entre consumo de
bebidas adoçadas e excesso de peso em adolescentes de um município do Sul do Brasil. In: XXIV Congresso Brasileiro de
Nutrição, 2016, Porto Alegre. Anais XXIV Congresso Brasileiro de Nutrição, 2016.
SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; GALLIANO, L. M. ; SEUS, T. L. ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva da ; BORGES, A. M. F. ; HALLAL,
C. . Intervenção com Atividade Física em Unidades Básicas de Saúde - Projeto UBS Ativa: Aspectos metodológicos de
uma intervenção de base comunitária. In: 4º Congresso Iberoamericano de Medicina Familiar y Comunitária, 2015,
Montevideo. Anais 4º Congresso Iberoamericano de Medicina Familiar y Comunitária, 2015.
20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

29.

30.

31.

RAMIREZ, A. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Physical activity researchers? networks worldwide: The Lancet Physical Activity Observatory.
In: 62nd Annual Meeting, 6th World Congress on Exercise is Medicine& and World Congress on the Basic Science of
Exercise Fatigue of the American College of Sports Medicine, 2015, Minneapolis. Anais 62nd Annual Meeting, 6th World
Congress on Exercise is Medicine& and World Congress on the Basic Science of Exercise Fatigue of the American College of
Sports Medicine, 2015.

SILVA, 1. C. M. ; HINO, A. A. ; LOPES, A. A. S.; REIS, R. S. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Atividade física e ambiente construído:
associações específicas aos domínios e tipos de atividades em adolescentes pertencentes à coorte de 1993 de Pelotas, RS.
In: X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2015, São Luis. Anais do X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e
Saúde, 2015. v. 20. p. 1.

MARTINS, R. C. ; RAMIREZ, A. ; HALLAL, P, C. . Uma visão da rede de pesquisa na área de atividade física no Brasil. In: X
Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2015. Anais X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2015.
RICARDO, L. 1. C. ; FERREIRA, R. W. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José ; KOPP, D. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R.. Estágios de
mudança de comportamento para atividade física entre escolares: projeto EF+. In: X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade
Física e Saúde, 2015, São Luis. Anais X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2015.

BRIZIO, M. L R.; HALLAL, P. C. ; I-Min Lee ; DOMINGUES, M. R. . Atividade física realizada durante toda a vida e o
câncer de pulmão: um estudo de caso-controle no Sul do Brasil. In: X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde,
2015, São Luis. Anais X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2015.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; Murray, 3; LASZLO, M. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SILVA, H. D. G. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C.
F. ; MENEZES, C. ; BARROS, F.C. . Maternal smoking during pregnancy, and offspring happiness and depression at age 18:
Birth Cohort Study.. In: 20th IEA World Congress of Epidemiology,, 2014, Anchorage. Anais 20th IEA World Congress of
Epidemiology,, 2014.

GALLIANO, L. M. ; SEUS, T. L. ; VECCHIO, F. B. ; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; HALLAL, P. C. . Physical Activity level
and recommendations for practice in participants of the Linda-Brazil project diagnosed with gestacional diabetes mellitus.
In: 5th International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais 5th International Congress
on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.

MARTINS, R. C. ; GONCALVES, P. B. ; HALLAL, P. €. . One-year stability of objectively-measured physical activity among
adults.. In: 5th International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais Sth International
Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.

HALLAL, P. C.. Environmental and individual correlates of objectively-measured physical activity and sedentary behavior in
a brazilian adult sample. In: 5th International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais
Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.

DAMASO, A. H. ; BERGMANN, G. G. ; MIELKE, G. I. ; CAMARGO, A. L. ; MATUACEVICH, A. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Physical
Activity as a predictor of medicine use in adolescence: prospective study.. In: 5th International Congress on Physical Activity
and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.
FREITAS, M. P. ; BANDEIRA, F. M. ; LASZLO, M. ; SILVA, M. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Mode of
administration does matter: a validation study using the international physical activity questionaire. In: 5th International
Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, RIo de Janeiro. Anais Sth International Congress on Physical Activity
and Public Health, 2014.

COLL, C. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; KNUTH, A. ; DAMASO, A. H. . Time trends in 'No Physical activity practice' among brazilian
adolescents. In: 5th International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais 5th
International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.

DUCA, G. F. D. ; Nahas, MV ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PERES, M. A. . Individual and clustering patterns of physical inactivity in
different domains according to gender in a brazilian community. In: Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and
Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais 5th International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.

DA SILVA, BRUNA GONÇALVES ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; SILVA, H. D. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Prospective
association between video game playing throughout adolescence and intelligence quotient.. In: Sth International Congress
on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public
Health, 2014.

SEUS, T. L.; GALLIANO, L. M. ; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes ; HALLAL, P. C. ; VECCHIO, F. B. . Level of Physical Activity
and Sedentary Behavior in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.. In: Sth International Congress on Physical Activity
and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.
PORTO, L. G. G. ; KNUTH, A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Are brazilian physical activity experts active enough in leisure time. In: 5th
International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais Sth International Congress on
Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.

PORTO, L. G. G. ; KNUTH, A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Are brazilian physical activity experts active enough in leisure time. In: 5th
International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014, Rio de Janeiro. Anais Sth International Congress on
Physical Activity and Public Health, 2014.

Silveira, M.P.T ; DAMASO, A. H. ; CAMARGO, A. L. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; SILVA, H. D. G.; HALLAL, P.C..
Automedicação com medicamentos sujeitos à prescrição - Uma realidade para adolescentes de 18 anos da coorte de
nascimentos de 1993 de Pelotas-RS.. In: 5º Congresso Brasileiro sobre o Uso Racional de Medicamentos, 2014, São Paulo.
Anais 5º Congresso Brasileiro sobre o Uso Racional de Medicamentos, 2014.

MARINHO, A. ; SANTOS, P. M.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MAZO, G. Z. . Quality of life perception and experiences in elderly leisure.
In: 18th annual Congress of the European College of Sport Science, 2013, Barcelona. Quality of life perception and
experiences in elderly leisure, 2013. p. 478-478.

MIELKE, G. 1. ; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; NUNES, B. P.; HALLAL, P. C. . Epidemiologia do comportamento sedentário em diferentes
domínios do Brasil. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde
Coletiva, 2013. v. 18.

SANTOS, P. M. ; MARINHO, A. ; MAZO, G. Z. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Atividades físicas vivenciadas no lazer e percepção de
qualidade de vida de idosos. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro
de Saúde Coletiva, 2013.

SILVA, S. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; WEINERR, L. S. ; MATIJACEVICH, A. ; SANTOS, 1. S. . Associação
entre prática de atividade física no lazer e hipertensão gestadonal: evidências a partir da coorte de nascimentos de 2004,

 
32.

33.

34.

35.

36.

37.

38.

39.

40.

41.

42.

43.

45.

46.

47.

48.

49.

50.

51.

52.

53.

Pelotas, RS. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saude Coletiva, 2013. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saude Coletiva, 2013.
SILVA, 1. C. M. ; RAMIRES, V. V. ; KNUTH, A. ; BIELEMANN, R. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Mensuração objetiva de atividade física
nas três coortes de nasamento de Pelotas (RS). In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX
Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013.
FREITAS, M. P. ; SILVA, M. C. ; BANDEIRA, F. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Associação entre aptidão
cardiorespiratória e nível de atividade física em adultos jovens.. 'X Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013,
Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013.
SILVA, B. G.C.; MIELKE, G. 1. ; SILVA, I. C. M. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Mensuração do comportamento sedentário por diferentes
instrumentos. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde
Coletiva, 2013.
SALERMO, M. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; HARTWIG, T. W. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SILVA, M. C. ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Perfil dos
proprietários e estrutura física das academias de ginástica em uma cidade do Sul do Brasil. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de
Saúde Coletiva, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013.
SALERMO, P. S. V. ; SALERMO, M. ; AMORIM, T. E. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Perfil dos ex-usuários de programas de atividade
física da cidade de Panambi-RS. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso
Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013.
GOMES, G. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; SONATI, J. G. ; GOMES, T. C. ; KOKUBUN, E. . Participação em um programa de exercícios
físicos em unidades de saúde da atenção básica de saúde e avaliação do SUS. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva,
2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013.
BORTOLOTTO, C. C. ; MADRUGA, S. W. ; MELLER, F. O.; OTTE, J. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Marcadores de
consumo não saudável entre adolescentes do ensino médio de quatro cidade do Sul do Brasil. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de
Saúde Coletiva, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2013.
WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B; SILVA, H. D. G. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; Murray, J; MENEZES, C. B. ;
ANSELMI, L. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Maternal smoking during pregnancy and adolescent depression at 18 years old: The
Pelotas 1993 birth cohort, Brazil. In: European Respiratory Society Annual Congress 2013, 2013, Barcelona. European
Respiratory Society Annual Congress 2013, 2013. v. 42. p. 3054.
BOHM, A. W. ; CRUZ, M. F. ; MIELKE, G. ; Curi Hallal, P . Barreiras para promoção de saúde na escola: percepção de
professores de educação física. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX
Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Curitiba: Café com Leite Estúdio Gráfico, 2013. v. 18.
PEIXOTO, M. B. ; KNUTH, A. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C. Associação entre prática de atividade física no lazer e apoio social
tangível em adolescentes. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso
Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Curitiba: Café com Leite Estúdio Gráfico, 2013. v. 18.
SOARES, C. A. M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C . Pense 2009 e 2012: mudanças nos níveis de atividade física e de participação nas
aulas de educação física. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso
Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Curitiba: Café com Leite Estúdio Gráfico, 2013.
ROSA, D. L. ; SOARES, C. B. M. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; Curi Hallal, P ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Atividade física mensurada por
acelerometria na escola: um estudo sobre as aulas de educação física e o recreio. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade
Física e Saúde, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Curitiba: Café com Leite Estúdio
Gráfico, 2013. v. 18.
CRUZ, M. F. ; BOHM, A. W. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C . Promoção da saúde na escola: ações dos professores.
In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física
e Saúde. Curitiba: Café com Leite Estúdio Gráfico, 2013. v. 18.
DUCA, G. F. D. ; Nahas, MV ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; Garcia, LMT ; SILVA, S. G. ; PERES, M. A. . Deslocamento ativo reduz
desigualdades sociodemográficas na aderência às recomendações derivadas da atividade física suficiente no lazer em
adultos. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2013, Curitiba. Anais do IX Congresso Brasileiro de
Atividade Física e Saúde. Curitiba: Café com Leite Estúdio Gráfico, 2013. v. 18.
FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. ; REIS, R. S. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Fatores psicossociais, ambientais e prática de atividade física em
adolescentes do Nordeste do Brasil. In: Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do Esporte, 2012, São Paulo. Esporte e atividade
física: o legado para saúde da população. Brasilia: Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento, 2012. v. 20. p. 85-85.
FERMINO, R. ; REIS, R. S.; HALLAL, P. C. ; FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C. . A percepção das características dos bairros pode
favorecer o uso de parques? Um estudo com adultos de Curitiba. In: 35º Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do Esporte,
2012, São Paulo. Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento. Brasilia: Revista Brasileira de Ciência e Movimento, 2012. v. 20.
p. 152-152.
SILVA, 1. C. M. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; NUNES, B. P.; HALLAL, P. C. . Desigualdades Socioeconômicas do Comportamento
Sedentário. In: 10º Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2012, Porto Alegre. Anais Saúde Pública, 2012.
KNUTH, A. ; SILVA, L. C. M. ; RAMIRES, V. V. ; MATIJASEVICH, A. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; SANTOS, 1. S. ; MENEZES, A. M.
B. ; SILVA, H. D. G. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Descrição metodológica do uso de acelerometria para
mensurar a prática de atividade física nas coortes de nascimento de Pelotas (1993 e 2004). In: 10º Congresso Brasileiro de
Saúde Coletiva, 2012, Porto Alegre. Anais Saúde Coletiva, 2012.
Curi Hallal, P; MARTINEZ-MESA, J. ; COLL, C. ; MIELKE, G. 1. ; MENDES, M. A. ; PEIXOTO, M. B. ; MUNHOZ, T. N. ;
RAMIRES, V. V. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; GONÇALVES, H. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Atividade física aos 11 anos e incidência de
problemas de saúde mental na adolescência: estudo prospectivo. In: 10º Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2012,
Porto Alegre. Anais Saúde Coletiva, 2012.
Del Duca, Giovâni Firpo ; SILVA, M. C. ; SILVA, S. G. ; Nahas, Markus Vinicius ; HALLAL, P. C. . Associação entre
incapacidade funcional e inatividade física em idosos institucionalizados. In: XXXIII Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do
Esporte, 2010, São Paulo. Anais do XXXIII Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do Esporte, 2010.
RAPHAELLI, C. O. ; SILVA, L. G. ; SANTOS, M. N. ; LEAL, C. M. A. ; HALLAL, P. C.. A Influência da Família na Atividade
Física e no Hábito Alimentar de Adolescentes com Sobrepeso e Obesidade. In: XVIII CIC - XI Encontro de Pós-Graduação - 1
Mostra Científica, 2009, Pelotas. Anais do XVIII CIC, 2009.
BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; BARROS, Aluísio J D; HALLAL, P. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; OLIVEIRA, E. A. ; SANTOS,
S.. Influence of breastfeeding, gestational and perinatal variables on medicine use at the ages od 3, 12 and 24 months:

 

 

 
54.

55.

56.

57.

58.

59.

60.

61.

62.

63.

64.

65.

66.

67.

68.

69.

70.

71.

72.

73.

74.

75.

76.

 

the 2004 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. In: 6th World Congress on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease, 2009,
Santiago, Chile. Journal of Developmental Origins of Health and Disease, 2009. v. 1. p. 257-258.

SILVA, 1. C. ; BIELEMANN, R. M. ; KNUTH, A. G. ; SILVA, S. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Conhecimento
populacional sobre pontos de corte para alguns fatores de risco de doenças cardiovasculares. In: IX Congresso Brasileiro de
Saúde Coletiva, 2009, Recife-PE. Ciência e Saúde Coletiva (Impresso), 2009.

Kunth, A. ; SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Adolescent physical activity and risk of osteoporosis in later life. In: 2º
Congresso Mundial de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2008, Amsterdam. Anais do 2º Congresso Mundial de Atividade Física e
Saúde, 2008.

HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; ANSELMI, L. ; REICHERT, F. F. ; WELLS, Jonathan C K. The role of perinatal,
childhood and adolescent variables at explaining levels of physical activity in 11 year-old Brazilians. In: 2º Congresso
Mundial de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2008, Amsterdam. Anais do 2º Congresso Mundial de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2008.
MENEZES, Ana Maria B; HALLAL, P. C. ; LIMA, Rosângela da Costa ; Valente, G ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; BARROS, F. C.
« Chiado no peito em uma coorte de adultos de Pelotas: 1982-2005. In: Pneumo-Sul 2007 - Congresso de Pneumologia da
Região Sul, 2007, Gramado. Jornal Brasileiro de Pneumologia - Resumos do Pneumo Sul 2007. Ribeirão Preto: Cubo
Multimídia, 2007. v. 33. p. 36-36.

MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; GONÇALVES, H. ; ANSELMI, L. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Cunha, T. . Fumo no início da adolescência:
evidências da coorte de 1993, Pelotas, RS.. In: Preumo-Sul 2007 - Congresso de Pneumologia da Região Sul, 2007,
Gramado. Jornal Brasileiro de Pneumologia - Resumos do Pneumo Sul 2007. Ribeirão Preto: Cubo Multimídia, 2007. v. 33. p.
42-42.

MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; Valente, G ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Cunha, T. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; BARROS, F. C. . Tabagismo nos
adultos de Pelotas: 1982-2005.. In: Pneumo-Sul 2007 - Congresso de Pneumologia da Região Sul, 2007, Gramado. Jornal
Brasileiro de Pneumologia - Resumos do Pneumo Sul 2007. Ribeirão Preto: Cubo Multimídia, 2007. v. 33. p. 42-42.
MALCON, M. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Efetividade de uma
intervenção educacional em tabagismo entre adolescentes escolares de Pelotas, RS.. In: Pneumo-Sul 2007 - Congresso de
Pneumologia da Região Sul, 2007, Gramado. Jornal Brasileiro de Pneumologia - Resumos do Pneumo Sul 2007. Ribeirão
Preto: Cubo Multimídia, 2007. v. 33. p. 42-42.

MALCON, M. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F. ; HALLAL, P. C.; Cunha, T. ; VICTORA,
Cesar Gomes . Os adolescentes subestimam o consumo de tabaco em estudos baseados em auto-relato? Estudo de
avaliação usando a cotinina.. In: Preumo-Sul 2007 - Congresso de Pneumologia da Região Sul, 2007, Gramado. Jornal
Brasileiro de Pneumologia - Resumos do Pneumo Sul 2007. Ribeirão Preto: Cubo Multimídia, 2007. v. 33. p. 42-42.
MENEZES, Ana Maria B; HALLAL, P. C. ; Cunha, T. ; HORTA, Bernardo . Determinantes precoces do fumo na adolescência:
achados da coorte de nascimentos de 1982, Pelotas, RS.. In: Pneumo-Sul 2007 - Congresso de Pneumologia da Região Sul,
2007, Gramado. Jornal Brasileiro de Pneumologia - Resumos do Pneumo Sul 2007. Ribeirão Preto: Cubo Multimídia, 2007. v.
33. p. 42-42.

SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva da ; THUME, E. ; TOMASI, E. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PICCINI, R. X..
Atividade física em adultos e idosos residentes em áreas de abrangência de unidades básicas de saúde de municípios das
regiões sul e nordeste do Brasil. In: IV Congresso Brasileiro de Ciências Sociais e Humanas em Saúde, 2007, Salvador. Anais
do IV Congresso Brasileiro de Ciências Sociais e Humanas em Saúde, 2007.

SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; SILVEIRA, Denise Silva da ; THUME, E. ; TOMASI, E. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PICCINI, R.X.;
PANIZ, V. M. V. . Prevalência de quedas e fatores associados em idosos residentes em áreas de abrangêndia de unidades
básicas de saúde no Brasil. In: IV Congresso Brasileiro de Ciências Sociais e Humanas em Saúde, 2007, Salvador. Anais do
IV Congresso Brasileiro de Ciências Sociais e Humanas em Saúde, 2007.

HALLAL, P. C.; BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; GONÇALVES, H. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Nível de atividade física de adolescentes
em diferentes domínios: estudo de coorte de Pelotas de 1993. In: 8º Congresso Brasileiro. Saúde Coletiva e 11º Congresso
Mundial Saúde Pública, 2006, Rio de Janeiro. Versão eletrônica do 8º Congresso Brasileiro. Saúde Coletiva e 11º Congresso
Mundial Saúde Pública, 2006.

HALLAL, P. C.; WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; AZEVEDO, M. R. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Efeito da prática de
atividades físicas na adolescência sobre a saúde: uma revisão sistemática da literatura. In: 8º Congresso Brasileiro.Saúde
Coletiva e 11º Congresso Mundial Saúde Pública, 2006, Rio de Janeiro. Versão eletrônica do 8º Congresso Brasileiro.Saúde
Coletiva e 11º Congresso Mundial Saúde Pública, 2006.

MOTA, D. M. ; HALLAL, P. C.. Prevalência de enurese em uma amostra populadonal de crianças de 3 a 9 anos. In: XIII
Congresso Brasileiro de Nefrologia Pediátrica, 2005, Redfe, 2005.

HALLAL, P. C.. Projeto PLATINO: Estudo Multicêntrico sobre DPOC na América Latina. In: XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de
Pneumologia e Tisiologia e III Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia, 2004, Salvador, 2004.

HALLAL, P. C.. DPOC na América Latina: Manejo da Doença. In: XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de Pneumologia e Tisiologia e
III Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia, 2004, Salvador, 2004.

HALLAL, P. C.. Projeto PLATINO: Prevalência de DPOC. In: XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de Pneumologia e Tisiologia e III
Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia, 2004, Salvador, 2004.

HALLAL, P. C.. Qualidade de Vida medida pelo SF 12. In: XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de Pneumologia e Tisiologia e III
Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia, 2004, Salvador, 2004.

HALLAL, P. C.; HALLAL, Pedro Curi ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa
« Comparison between short and full-length International Physical Activity Questionnaires (IPAQ). In: 17th Puijo Symposium,
2003, Kuopio, Finlandia, 2003.

HALLAL, P. C.; HALLAL, Pedro Curi ; WELLS, Jonathan Charles Kingdon ; COSTA, Juvenal Soares Dias da . Epidemiologia
da prática de atividades físicas no lazer. In: VII Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva, 2003, Brasília, 2003.

RAYMUNDO, José Luiz Poso ; LOCKS, Renato ; HALLAL, Pedro Curi ; HALLAL, P. C. ; RECKERS, Leandro José ; SILVA, LA ;
A FILHO, C; TAVARES, e C.. Evolução da capacidade aeróbica e percentual de gordura de atletas profissionais de futebol
durante a pré-temporada. In: XX Congresso AMRIGS, 2003, Porto Alegre, 2003.

RAYMUNDO, José Luiz Pozo ; RECKERS, Leandro José ; LOCKS, Renato ; HALLAL, Pedro Curi ; HALLAL, P. C. ; A FILHO, C
; TAVARES, e C; TEIXEIRA, RM ; NEVES, F B. Perfil das lesões esportivas do futebol em atletas profissionais. In: XX
Congresso AMRIGS, 2003, Porto Alegre, 2003.

 
77.

78.

79.

80.

81.

82.

83.

85.

86.
87.

88.
89.

90.

91.

RAYMUNDO, Jose Luiz Pozo ; RECHERS, Leandro Jose ; LOCKS, Renato ; HALLAL, Pedro Curi; HALLAL, P. C.; AZZOLINI
FILHO, Clair ; TAVARES, Eduardo Campelo ; FIEBIG, Everton Quadros . Perfil das lesões esportivas do futebol em atletas
profissionais. In: IV Congresso da Escola de Medicina da UCPEL, 2003, Pelotas, 2003.

HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; LIMA, Rosângela da Costa . Avaliando atividade física: validação do IPAQ versão
curta. In: V Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia, 2002, Curitiba. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia - Suplemento Especial
- Março de 2002. São Paulo: ABRASCO, 2002. p. 50-50.

HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; LIMA, Rosângela da Costa . Avaliando atividade física: validação do IPAQ 8
versão curta. In: III Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde, 2001, Florianópolis. Anais do III Congresso Brasileiro
de Atividade Física e Saúde. Florianópolis: Editora da UFSC, 2001. p. 100-100.

HALLAL, P. C.. Transição epidemiológica, Educação Física, saúde e qualidade de vida. In: XX Simpósio Nacional de
Educação Física, 2001.

HALLAL, P. C.. Repensando a prática de ensino nos cursos de Licenciatura Plena em Educação Física. In: Seminário da
Prática de Ensino, 2000, Pelotas, 2000.

HALLAL, P. C.. A prática gimnico-desportiva em cidade de porte médio. In: 8º Congresso de Iniciação Científica
UFPel/UCPel/FURG, 2000, Pelotas, 2000.

HALLAL, P. C.; NASCIMENTO, Rafael Ribeiro ; HACKBART, Luíse ; ROMBALDI, Airton José . Fatores motivacionais que
influenciam no abandono esportivo por parte de crianças e adolescentes. In: XIX Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física,
1999, Pelotas. XIX Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física - Coletânea de Textos e Resumos. Pelotas: Editora Universitária
UFPel, 1999. p. 260-260.

HALLAL, P. C.; AMORIM, T. E. C. . 1987-1997: Um resgate histórico do futsal pelotense campeão gaúcho. In: XX Semana
Acadêmica da ESEF/UFPEL, 1999, Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; NASCIMENTO, Rafael Ribeiro . A realidade técnica e tática do jogo de futsal. In: XX Semana Acadêmica da
ESEF/UFPEL, 1999, Pelotas, 1999.

HALLAL, P. C.; LERÍPIO, A. Á. . Futebol: o que houve com você?. In: XX Semana Acadêmica da ESEF/UFPEL, 1999,
Pelotas, 1999.

HALLAL, P. C.. Periodização do treinamento físico no futebol. In: Grupo de estudos em futebol, 1999, Pelotas, 1999.
HALLAL, P. C.. Futebol: o que houve com você?. In: IV Encontro Nacional de Grupos PET de Educação Física, 1998,
Pelotas, 1998.

HALLAL, P. C.. Repensando a graduação. In: IV Encontro Nacional de Grupos PET de Educação Física, 1998, Pelotas, 1998.
HALLAL, P. C.. A decadência do futebol pelotense. In: IV Encontro Nacional de Grupos PET de Educação Física, 1998,
Pelotas, 1998.

HALLAL, P. C.; BORGES, R. M.. A criança e o treinamento desportivo. In: III Encontro regional/Sul de Estudantes de
Educação Física, 1997.

HALLAL, P. C.; BORGES, R. M. . Democracia ou enganocracia?. In: III Encontro regional/Sul de Estudantes de Educação
Física, 1997, Florianópolis - SC, 1997.

Artigos aceitos para publicação

SILVEIRA, E. A. ; NOLL, M. ; Pedro C. Hallal ; OLIVEIRA, C. . The need to use mortality, and not case-fatality, to compare
CovID-19 deaths worldwide. PREVENTIVE MEDICINE CR, 2021.
HALLAL, P. C.. Joint association between accelerometry-measured daily combination of time spent in physical activity,
sedentary behaviour and sleep and all-cause mortality. A pooled analysis of six prospective cohorts using compositional
analysis.. BRITISH JOURNAL OF SPORTS MEDICINEJER, 2021.
MESENBURG, MARILIA A. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; BARROS, F. C. ; HARTWIG, F. ; JACQUES, N. ;
MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; HORTA, Bernardo ; SILVEIRA, Mariângela . Doenças crônicas não transmissíveis e COVID-19:
resultados do estudo EPICOVID-19 Brasil. REVISTA DE SAUDE PUBLICA J€R, 2021.
DUMITH, S. C. ; PRAZERES FILHO, A. ; CUREAU, F. V.; FARIAS JÚNIOR, JOSÉ CAZUZA DE; MELLO, J. B. ; SILVA, M. P. ;
MATIAS, T. S. ; ; LOPES, WA; ; MAGALHAES, LL; : Hallal, Pedro C. . Recomendações de atividade fisica F para crianças e
jovens de 6 a 17 anos: ?Guia de Atividade Física para a População Brasileira. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E
SAÚDE, 2021.
RITTI-DIAS, R. ; TRAPE, A. ; FARAH, B. ; PETRECA, D. ; LEMOS, E. ; CARVALHO, F. ; MAGALHAES, L. ; MACIEL, M. ;
GOMES, P. ; MANTA, S. ; Hallal, Pedro “Cury; ANDRADE, D. . Atividade física para pessoas adultas: Guia de Atividade
Física para População grasileira. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, 2021.
Hallal, Pedro C.; VICTORA, €. G. . Overcoming Brazil?s monumental Covid-19 failure: an urgent call to action. Nature
Medicine, 2021.
RAVAGNANI, C. F. C. ; SANDRESCHI, P. F. ; PIOLA, T. S. ; SANTOS, L. ; SANTOS, D. L ; MAZO, G. Z. ; MENEGUCI, J. ;
CORREIA, M. A. ; BENEDETTI, T. R. B. ; SOARES, A. H. G. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Atividade Física para Idosos: Guia de
Atividade Física para a População Brasileira. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, 2021.
BARROS, F. C. ; HARTWIG, F. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HORTA, Bernardo ; STRUCHINER, C.J.;
VIDALETTI, L. P. ; SILVEIRA, Mariângela ; MESENBURG, MARILIA A. ; DELLAGOSTIN, O. ; VICTORA, C. G. ; Hallal, Pedro
C. . COVID-19 and social distancing among children and adolescents in Brazil. REVISTA DE SAUDE PUBLICA JR, 2021.
MIELKE, G. I.; TOMICKI, C. ; BOTTON, C. E. ; CAVALCANTE, F.V. S. A. ; BORGES, G. F. ; GALLIANO, L. M. ; SANDRESCHI,
; PINTO, 's. S.; ; BEZERRA, T. A. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; AUTRAN, R. . Atividade física para gestantes e mulheres no pós-
parto: guia de atividade física para a população brasileira. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, 2021.
GONCALVES, M. R. ; REIS, R. C. P.; TOLIO, R. P. ; PELLANDA, L. C. ; SCHMIDT, M. 1. ; KATZ, N. ; MENGUE, S. ; Hallal,
Pedro C. ; HORTA, Bernardo ; DA SILVEIRA, MARIÂNGELA FREITAS ; UMPIERRE, R. N. ; BASTOS-MOLINA, C. G.
R.S.; DUNCAN, B. B. . Social distancing, mask use and the transmission of SARS-CoV-2: A population-based case-control
study. EMERGING INFECTIOUS DISEASES (ONLINE) JER, 2021.
DA SILVEIRA, MARIÂNGELA FREITAS ; TONIAL, C. T. ; MARANHAO, A. G. K. ; TEIXEIRA, A. M. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ;
MENEZES, Ana Maria B ; HORTA, Bernardo ; HARTWIG, FERNANDO P ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; VICTORA, C. G. . Missed
childhood immunizations during the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil: analyses of routine statistics and of a national household
survey. VACCINEJER, 2021.

 
SILVA, K 5. ; BANDEIRA, A. 5.; RAVAGNANI, F. C. P.; CAMARGO, E. M. ; TENÓRIO, M. C.; OLIVEIRA, V. J. M.; SANTOS,
P.C.; RAMIRES, V. V. ; SANDRESCHI, P. F. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; BARBOSA FILHO, V. C. . Educação Física Escolar: Guia de
Atividade Física para a População Brasileira. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, 2021.

BAUMAN, A. E. ; KAMADA, M. ; REIS, RODRIGO S. ; TROIANO, R. P. ; Ding, D ; MILTON, K. ; MURPHY, N. ; Hallal, Pedro
€.. An evidence-based assessment of the impact of the Olympic Games on population levels of physical activity. LANCET
xr, 2021.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes ; HARTWIG, F. ; SILVEIRA, MARIÂNGELA FREITAS DA ; HORTA, Bernardo ;
BARROS, Aluísio J D ; MESENBURG, MARILIA A. ; Wehrmeister, F.C; PELLANDA, L. ; DELLAGOSTIN, ODIR A ;
STRUCHINER, C. J. ; BURATTINI, M. N. ; BARROS, F. C. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . High prevalence of symptoms among Brazilian
subjects with antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. Scientific Reports JCR, 2021.

MENEZES, A. M. B. ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; WEHRMEISTER, F. C. ; HORTA, BERNARDO L ; BARROS, Aluísio J D ; HARTWIG, F.
; OLIVEIRA, P.; VIDALETTI, LP. ; MESENBURG, MARILIA A. ; JACQUES, N. ; BARROS, F.C. ; VICTORA, C. G. . Vacinação
para influenza em idosos na pandemia COVID-19: estudo de base populacional em 133 cidades brasileiras. Ciencia & Saude
Coletiva JER, 2021.

BENEDETTI, T. R. B. ; BORGES, LJ. ; STREIT, L. A. ; Garcia, LMT ; MANTA, S. W. ; MENDONCA, G. ; BINOTTO, M. A. ;
CHRISTOFOLETTI, M. ; SILVA: JUNIOR, F.L.E.; Hallal, Pedro C. ; PAPINI, C. B. . 'Conceitos, definições e domínios da
atividade física: Guia de Atividade Física para População Brasileira: Physical activity concepts, definitions and domains:
Physical Activity Guidelines for the Brazilian Population. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE, 2021.
ORCIOLI-SILVA, D. ; SASAKI, J. E. ; TASSITANO, R. M. ; RIBEIRO, C. G. ; CHRISTOFARO, D. G. D. ; BEZERRA, E. S. ;
MANTA, S. W. ; ; FLORINDO, AA; ; Hallal, Pedro €. ; SIQUEIRA, FERNANDO . Atividade física para pessoas com
deficiência: Guia de Atividade Física para a População Brasileira. REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE ATIVIDADE FÍSICA E SAÚDE,
2021.

BARROS, Aluísio J D ; MENEZES, Ana Maria B; HORTA, Bernardo ; BARROS, F. C. ; HARTWIG, F. ; VICTORA, C. G. ;
SILVEIRA, Mariângela ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; STRUCHINER, CLAUDIO JOSÉ ; BURATTINI, M. N. ; VIDALETTI, L P.;
PELLANDA, L. C. ; NEUMANN, N. A. ; DELLAGOSTIN, O. . Remarkable variability in SARS-CoV-2 antibodies across Brazilian
regions: report on two successive nationwide serological household surveys. Lancet Global Health JR, 2020.

VARELA, ANDREA RAMIREZ ; PRATT, M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C.. Our flexible approach during the COVID-19 pandemic.
International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity JR, 2020.

Apresentações de Trabalho

o

20.
21.
22.
23.

24.

HALLAL, PEDRO C. .. 2021. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Atividade Física e COVID-19: o que já sabemos e novas perspectivas. 2021. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

Hallal, Pedro C.. A importância da ciência. 2021. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

HALLAL, PEDRO C; FLORINDO, A. A. . Guia de atividade física para a população brasileira. 2020. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Seminário).

HALLAL, PEDRO. Como retornar às atividades de ensino em segurança e com todos? Como cuidar de educadores e de
educandos de forma integral?. 2020. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Seminário).

HALLAL, PEDRO. Visão crítica sobre análise de dados epidemiológicos da Covid-19. Limites, questões & para onde
vamos?. 2020. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Seminário).

HALLAL, PEDRO; GONCALVES FILHO, A. . Debate sobre a importância da pesquisa científica, especialmente o estudo
EPICOVID 19, desenvolvido pela UFPel e, da ação estatal, com foco no SUS (sua estrutura e financiamento) no combate à
pandemia. 2020. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

Hallal, Pedro Curi; REIS, R. S. . Quais os caminhos para a área no contexto pós-pandêmico da Covid-19. 2020.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

Hallal, Pedro Curi. International Forum Agita Mundo Network, Atividade Física no Pós-Covid: Uma Pauta de Acões!. 2020.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

HALLAL, P. R. C.. EPICOVID-19. 2020. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. A ciência e a Covidl9: a pesquisa brasileira em foco. 2020. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou
palestra).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. A Epidemiologia da COVID-19 no Estado do Rio Grande do Sul: da pesquisa aos resultados do estudo
de base populacional e validação de testes diagnósticos. 2020. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).
Hallal, Pedro C.. ?Covid 19 - apresentação dos resultados de um inquérito epidemiológico no Brasil. 2020. (Apresentação
de Trabalho/Outra).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. Simpósio Internacional de Transparência da Pesquisa em Saúde - SITPS 2019. 2019. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

HALLAL, P. C.. Sedentarismo e depressão: dois vilões e a mesma batalha!. 2018. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
HALLAL, P. C.. 'O risco de ser preguiçoso: quão nocivo para o cérebro é não mexer o corpo. 2018. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, P. C.. Atividade física, ciência, gestão e manejo de carreira. 2017. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou
palestra).

HALLAL, P. C.. PENSANDO A CIDADE DE PELOTAS: parceria entre UFPel, IFSul e Prefeitura. 2017. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Outra).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Tradição e Inovação na Atividade Física e Saúde. 2017. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou
palestra).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. Pesquisas e Educação Física. 2016. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

HALLAL, PEDRO. Conferência de Encerramento. 2016. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

Curi Hallal, P. Epidemiologia da atividade física. 2015. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

SILVA, 1. A. V.; SILVA, S. G. ; Hallal, Pedro Curi . Efeito do exercício físico na gestação sobre a dor nas costas: análises
preliminares do estudo PAMELA. 2015. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
34.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
41.
42.
43.
44.

45.
46.

47.

48.
49.
50.
51.
52.
53.
54.

55.
56.
57.
58.
59.
60.

61.

62.

63.

64.

65.
66.

67.

AVARES, P. ; SOARES, ANA LUIZA GONÇALVES ;, Hallal, Pedro Curi, GONÇALVES, H. . O que as mães
pensam sobre a alimentação durante a gestação?. 2015. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

COSTA, T. B. ; TAVARES, P. ; SOARES, ANA LUIZA GONÇALVES ; Hallal, Pedro C. ; GONÇALVES, H. . Por que não faço
atividade física na gestação?. 2015. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Observatório de Atividade Física do Lancet: Vigilância, Pesquisa e Política na Área de Actividade Física no
Mundo. 2015. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

SILVA, N. G. ; SILVA, 1. C. M. ; Curi Hallal, P . Nivel de Atividade Física antes e durante a gestação: um recorde dos
resultados preliminares da Coorte de 2015, Pelotas/RS. 2015. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

CARDOSO, A. S. ; FLORES, T. R. ; Hallal, Pedro C. . Avaliação da assistência pré-natal de participantes da Coorte de
nascimentos de Pelotas no ano de 2015. 2015. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

SALERMO, P. S. V. ; SALERMO, M. ; AMORIM, T. E. C. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C . Perfil dos ex-usuários de programas de
atividade física da cidade de Panambi-RS. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, P. C.. I Encontro Nacional de Coordenadores do Curso de Bacharelado em Educação Física. 2014. (Apresentação
de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

Curi Hallal, P. Atividade física na infância e adolescência: um investimento vital para a saúde. 2014. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

HALLAL, P. C.. Educação fisica: sinalizando perspectivas. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

Hallal, Pedro Curi. Mecanismos de Avaliação da Qualidade dos Meios de Publicação Científica. 2014. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

Hallal, Pedro Curi. Promoção da atividade física ao longo do ciclo vital. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).
Hallal, Pedro Curi. Envelhecimento saudável e envelhedmento ativo. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
Hallal, Pedro Curi. Efeitos a longo prazo de exposições precoces. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

Hallal, Pedro Curi. Desafios para estudos de intervenção em atividades fisicas. 2014. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, P. C.. Promoção da atividade física no Brasil e no mundo: o papel da Escola. 2014. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

HALLAL, P. C.. A praxis para promoção da Atividade Física das populações. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).
Hallal, Pedro C.. Como Construir uma carreira científica sólida?. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Atividade Física e Saúde. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Observatório de Atividade Física do Lancet. 2014. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Seminário).

HALLAL, P. C.. Produção Científica em educação física. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

HALLAL, P. C.. Aula inaugural do Programa de Pós Graduação Stricto Sensu em Educação Física. 2013. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

Hallal, Pedro Curi. Atividade Física e Saúde Pública: cobras, baratas e elefantes. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).
HALLAL, P. C.. Benefícios da promoção da atividade física para a saúde mental das populações. 2013. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

HALLAL, P. C.. Que profissional de Educação Física o Brasil precisa para o setor saúde? Caminhos percorridos e novos
desafios - O papel do Profissional de Educação Física frente ao impacto global da atividade física. 2013. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

MARINHO, A. ; SANTOS, P. M.; HALLAL, P. C. ; MAZO, G. Z. . Quality of life perception and experiences in elderly leisure.
2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, P. C.. Physical Activity & Public Health Course Brazil. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

HALLAL, P. C.. 'Sedentarismo: Um Desafio para a Epidemiologia". 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
HALLAL, P. C.. Promoção da Saúde na Escola: do Discurso para a prática. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).
HALLAL, P. C.. Implementando as evidências científicas na promoção da atividade atividade física. 2013. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

HALLAL, P. C.. Evento satélite: Contribuição do projeto GUIA para a promoção da atividade física no Brasil. 2013.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

MARTINS, R. C.; HALLAL, PEDRO C. Aderência e desistência à prática de atividade física: um estudo de revisão. 2013.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Vida e Morte. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

SILVA, 1. C. ; RAMIRES, V. V. ; KNUTH, A. ; BIELEMANN, R. M. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C. Mensuração objetiva de atividade
física nas três coortes de nascimentos de Pelotas, RS. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, P. C.. Promoção da Saúde na Escola: do discurso para a prática. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).
HALLAL, P. C.. A escrita do artigo científico na Pesquisa Qualitativa. 2012. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Seminário).
HALLAL, PEDRO C. Qualidade de vida e os esportes. 2012. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

SCHUCH, H. S. ; GOETTEMS, M. L. ; CORREA, M. B. ; TORRIANI, D. D. ; Hallal, P. C; HALLAL, P. C. ; DEMARCO, F. F..
Epidemiologia dos traumatismos dentários em escolares de Pelotas - RS. 2011. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).
CAMARGO, M. B. J. ; Del Duca, Giovêni Firpo ; BIGHETTI, T. 1. ; GEWHER, A. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Autopercepção negativa de
saúde bucal em indivíduos residentes em instituições de longa permanêndia para idosos. 2011. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

FERREIRA, F. V. ; CHIAPINOTTO, F. A. ; CORREA, F. O. B. ; MASOTTI, A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; TORRIANI, D. D. ; DEMARCO,
F. F.. Gengivite: Prevalência e fatores associados em escolares de Pelotas-RS. 2011. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

SILVA, N. G. ; KNUTH, A. G. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Ambiente escolar e atividade física: uma visita às escolas de ensino
fundamental de Pelotas, RS. 2011. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

CRUZ, M. F. ; NILSON, G. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Imagem corporal em alunos do curso de bacharelado da ESEF/UFPel. 2011.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

Curi Hallal, P. Pesquisa em atividade física no Brasil: análise crítica. 2011. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).
FERMINO, R. ; REIS, R. S. ; ANEZ, C. R. R. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Associação entre frequência a parques/praças e nível de
atividade física de lazer em adultos de Curitiba-PR. 2010. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Comunicação).

 
68.

69.

70.
71.

72.

73.

74.

75.

76.

77.

78.

79.

80.

81.

82.

83.

85.
86.

87.
88.

89.

90.
91.

92.

93.

94.

95.

96.

97.

98.

99.

100.

BUENO, J. C. A. ; FERMINO, R. ; ANEZ, C. R. R.; REIS, R. S. ; HALLAL, P. €. . Associação entre satisfação com a prática
de caminhada e níveis recomendados de atividade física em adultos. 2010. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Comunicação).
HALLAL, P. C.. Aptidão física ou atividade física: o que é mais importante para a saúde?. 2010. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

HALLAL, P. C.. I Simpósio de Educação Física e Saúde - UNIPAMPA: crianças e adolescentes. 2010. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).

HALLAL, P. C.. Produção Científica e Educação Física. 2010. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Conferência ou palestra).
HALLAL, PEDRO C. Atividade física: panorama atual e perspectivas para a população brasileira. 2010. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

RAPHAELLI, C. O. ; SILVA, L. G. ; SANTOS, M. N. ; LEAL, C. M. A. ; HALLAL, P. C.. A Influência da Família na Atividade
Física e no Hábito Alimentar de Adolescentes com Sobrepeso e Obesidade. 2009. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
DUCA, G. F. D. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; Nahas, MV . Atividades da vida diária com incapacidade funcional em idosos: Estudo de
base populacional. 2009. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

GONÇALVES, H. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L.; HALLAL, P. C. . Quem relata mais discriminação?
Visita de 11 anos da Coorte de Nascimentos de Pelotas (RS), 1993. 2009. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; BARROS, Aluísio J D; HALLAL, P. C. ; DOMINGUES, M. R. ; OLIVEIRA, E. A. ; SANTOS, 1.S..
Influence of breastfeeding, gestacional and perinatal variables on medicine use at the ages of 3, 12 and 24 months: the
2004 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. 2009. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

Curi Hallal, P. Exercício físico para populações especiais: perspectivas das novas evidências. 2009. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

GONÇALVES, H. ; DUMITH, S. C. ; BEHAGUE, D. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Discriminação
em adolescentes de 11 anos: quem são aqueles que se sentem mais discriminados?. 2008. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Comunicação).

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; TAVARES, N. U. L. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. P. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Utilização de
medicamentos por adolescentes de 11 anos de idade da coorte de. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
CAMARGO, A. L. ; BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso ; SEVERO, L. E. P.; HALLAL, P. C. ; BARROS, Aluísio J D . Avaliação dos
medicamentos subsidiados pelo SUS em população coberta pela. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).
SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ; THUME, E. ; SILVEIRA, D. S. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Atividade
física em adultos e idosos residentes em áreas de abrangência de unidades básicas de saúde de municípios das regiões Sul
e Nordeste do Brasil. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

SIQUEIRA, F. V. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; TOMASI, E. ; THUME, E. ; SILVEIRA, D. S. ; VIEIRA, V. ; HALLAL, P.
C.. Prevalência de quedas e fatores assodados em idosos. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. LP. ; VIEIRA, M. F. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; VICTORA, C. G.. Alimentos
consumidos por adolescentes de 11 anos de idade conforme o nível socioeconômico. 2008. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

DUCA, G. F. D. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Avaliação das atividades instrumentais da vida diária em idosos: um estudo de base
populacional em uma cidade do Sul do Brasil. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Comunicação).

DUCA, G. F. D. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Prevalência de limitação funcional em atividades básicas da vida diária em idosos: um
estudo de base populacional. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

HALLAL, P. C.. Avaliação de Programas de Atividade Física. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

Muniz, LC ; ZANINI, R. V. C. ; SCHNEIDER, B. C. ; CIOCHETTO, C. R. ; MELO, J. P.; LAURA, H. C. ; ITTURRIET, F.;
MADRUGA, S. W. ; NOAL, R. B.; DUMITH, S. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; ARAÚJO, C. L. . Associação da
circunferência da cintura com excesso de peso e pressão arterial elevada em adolescentes de 14 a 15 anos de idade da
coorte de nascimentos de 1993 de Pelotas, RS. 2008. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, P. C.. Estatística básica para o pediatra. 2007. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Instrumentos de medida para avaliação da prática da atividade física. 2007. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. Simpósio Satélite C - Intervenções em atividade física: a experiência norte-americana e brasileira.
2007. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. A Educação Física no Programa de Saúde da Família. 2007. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).
HALLAL, PEDRO C. Iniciativas do Ministério da Saúde na área da atividade física e promoção da saúde. 2007.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

Hallal, Pedro C.. Instrumentos de medida da atividade física em estudos epidemiológicos. 2007. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

SILVEIRA, D. S. ; THUME, E. ; TOMASI, E. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; HALLAL, PEDRO C ; PICCINI, R. X. . Atividade física em
adultos e idosos residentes em áreas de abrangência de Unidades Básicas de Saúde em municípios das regiões sul e
nordeste do Brasil. 2007. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

SILVEIRA, Denise Silva da ; THUME, E. ; TOMASL, E. ; FACCHINI, L. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; PICCINI, R. X. ; PANIZ, V. M. V..
Prevalência de quedas e fatores associados em idosos residentes em áreas de abrangência de Unidades Básicas de Saúde
no Brasil. 2007. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. Políticas Públicas de Atividade Física e Promoção da Saúde. 2007. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

BERTOLDI, Andréa D ; BARROS, Aluísio J D; HALLAL, P. C. . Utilização de medicamentos em uma população coberta pelo
programa de saúde da família em Porto Alegre, RS. 2006. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

NEUTZLING, M. B. ; ARAÚJO, C. LP. ; VIEIRA, M. F. A. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; MENEZES, A. M. B. . Padrões Alimentares de
Adolescentes de 10-12 anos de Idade:A Coorte de nascimentos de 1993 em Pelotas/RS/Brasil. 2006. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. A formação em Educação Física: olhares e especificidades na ESEF/UFPel. 2006. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Outra).

HALLAL, PEDRO C. Pesquisa em atividade física e saúde: situação atual e Perspectivas. 2006. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).
Hallal, Pedro C.. I Seminário Nacional sobre Promoçao da Atividade Fisica e Saúde no Brasil. 2006. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Seminário).

101. HALLAL, P. C.. Epidemiologia da utilização de fisioterapia entre adultos e jovens. 2005. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).
102. CARVALHO, A. F. ; hallal, E ; Carmo, R; BARCELLOS, F. C.; SRACKE, C; MICHELS, E ; HALLAL, P. C.. Depressão é um

transtorno prevalente e pouco tratado em pacientes submetidos à hemodiális no município de Pelotas/RS. 2004.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

103. HALLAL, P. C.. Saúde, educação e cidadania. 2004. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

104. HALLAL, PEDRO C. Atividades físicas na infância e na adolescência: Qual a dose necessária?. 2004. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

105. HALLAL, P. C.. Atividade física total: Lazer, deslocamentos, trabalhos e serviços. 2003. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

106. HALLAL, P. C.; LANGONE, Andréa ; CRUZ, Cíntia ; ROSSO, Diego ; LIN, Huei Ju ; KAISER, Igor ; GUARENTI, Isabelle ;

PADILHA, Luciane ; SCHERER, Tiago . Epidemiologia da obesidade em frequentadores de academia de ginástica. 2003.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

107. HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, C. G. ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa ; WELLS, Jonathan CK . baixo nível de atividade física:
Prevalência e fatores associados. 2003. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

108. HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, C. G. ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa . Prevalência e fatores associados ao sedentarismo. 2003.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

109. HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, C. G. ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa . Avaliando Atividade Física: Validação do IPAQ8 versão curta.
2002. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

110. HALLAL, P. C.. Transição Epidemiológica, Educação Física, Saúde e Qualidade de Vida. 2001. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Simpósio).

111. HALLAL, P. C.; VICTORA, C. G. ; LIMA, Rosângela Costa . Avaliando Atividade Física: Validação do IPAQ 8 - versão curta.
2001. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

112. HALLAL, P. C.. Fatores motivacionais que levam ao abandono do futsal por parte de crianças e adolescentes. 2001.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Simpósio).

113. LERÍPIO, A. Á. ; HALLAL, P. C. . Futebol, o que houve com você?. 1999. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

114. AMORIN, T. C. ; HALLAL, P. C. . 1987-1997: um resgate histórico do futsal pelotense campeão gaúcho. 1999.
(Apresentação de Trabalho/Congresso).

115. HALLAL, P. C.; NASCIMENTO, Rafael Ribeiro . A realidade técnica e tática do jogo de futsal. 1999. (Apresentação de
Trabalho/Congresso).

116. HALLAL, P. C.. Ministrante da Oficina de Futsal. 1999. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

117. HALLAL, P. C.. A criança e o treinamento desportivo. 1997. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

118. HALLAL, P. C.. Democracia ou Enganocracia?. 1997. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

Produção técnica

Assessoria e consultoria

1. HALLAL, P. C.. Visitação ao Programa de Atividade Física CuritibAtiva. 2007.
2. HALLAL, P. C.. Visitação ao Programa de Atividade Física Academia da Cidade de Recife. 2007.
Trabalhos técnicos

Entrevistas, mesas redondas, programas e comentários na mídia

1. Hallal, Pedro Curi. Estudo mostra que a prática de exercícios melhora a capacidade de aprender. 2012.
2. Hallal, Pedro Curi. Pesquisa mostra que o sedentarismo mata tanto quanto o fumo. 2012. (Programa de rádio ou
TV/Entrevista).

Demais tipos de produção técnica

1. Hallal, Pedro Curi. Aula Magna do Instituto de Ciências da Saúde - Promoção da Atividade Física: uma questão de saúde
pública. 2015. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/ Extensão).

2. Hallal, Pedro Curi. Aula Magna do Instituto de Ciências da Saúde - Promoção da Atividade Física: uma questão de saúde
pública. 2015. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/ Extensão).

3. HALLAL, P. C.. 2º Curso de Atividade Física e Saúde Pública - Brasil. 2014. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/Outra).

A BIANCHIN, . P.; HALLAL, P. C. ; AZEVEDO, M. R. . Avaliação do manejo da hipertensão arterial e caracterização dos

hipertensos atendidos na atenção básica do município de Arvoredo, SC. 2010. (Desenvolvimento de material didático ou
instrucional - Relatório técnico de pesquisa do Mestrado Profissional em Saúde Pública Baseada em Evidências).

5. JEREMIAS, M. S. ; HALLAL, P. C. ; NEDEL, F. B. . Internações hospitalares por condições sensíveis à atenção primária em
Lagesm Santa Catarina. 2010. (Desenvolvimento de material didático ou instrucional - Livro técnico com o resumo das
dissertações do Mestrado de Saúde Pública Baseada em Evidências).

6. HALLAL, P. C.. Building Evaluation Capacity for Urban Health Promotion in Latin America. 2008. (Curso de curta duração
ministrado/Outra).

7. HALLAL, P. C.. Reunião Técnica do Projeto GUIA. 2008. (Reunião).

8. HALLAL, P. C.. Reunião do Projeto Cohorts. 2008. (Reunião).

9. HALLAL, P. C.. Reunião do Projeto Cohorts. 2008. (Reunião).
HALLAL, P. C.; HORTA, B. L. ; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci ; VICTORA, Cesar Gomes . Reunião técnica para análise de dados
dos estudos de coortes dos países em desenvolvimento. 2008. (Reunião).

11. HALLAL, P. C.. Políticas Públicas de Saúde. 2007. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/Especialização).

12. HALLAL, P. C.. Seminários Avançados em Atividade Física e Saúde Pública. 2007. (Curso de curta duração
ministrado/ Especialização).

13. HALLAL, P. C.. Curso de avaliação de programas de promoção da saúde e atividade física. 2007. (Curso de curta duração
ministrado/Outra).

14. HALLAL, P. C.. Curso de avaliação de programas de promoção da saúde e atividade física. 2007. (Curso de curta duração
ministrado/Outra).

15. HALLAL, P. C.. Estatística básica para o pediatra. 2007. .

16. HALLAL, P. C.. Estatística aplicada à Educação Física. 2007. .

17. HALLAL, P. C.. Métodos Avançados de Pesquisa em Atividade Física. 2007. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/Outra).

18. HALLAL, P. C.. Reunião Técnica sobre o Programa GUIA - Guide for Useful Intervention on Activity in Brazil and Latin
America. 2007. (Reunião).

19. HALLAL, P. C.. Estatística aplicada a estudos científicos na área de atividade física e saúde. 2006. .

20. HALLAL, P. C.. Estatística Básica. 2006. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/Extensão).

21. HALLAL, P. C.. I Seminário Nacional sobre promoção da Atividade Física e Saúde no Brasil. 2006. .

22. HALLAL, P. C.. Atividade Física: Aspectos Clínicos e Epidemiológicos no Programa de Medicina Preventiva e Social da UFPel.
2006. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/Outra).

23. HALLAL, P. C.. Epidemiologia e atividade física. 2005. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/ Extensão).

24. HALLAL, P. C.. Curso de Estatística Básica. 2005. .

25. HALLAL, P. C.. Curso de Estatística Básica. 2004. (Curso de curta duração ministrado Extensão).

26. HALLAL, P. C.. Estatística aplicada à Educação Física. 2003. (Curso de curta duração ministrado/Extensão).

27. HALLAL, P. C.. Mini-curso de Arbitragem de Futsal. 1999. .

Bancas

 

Participação em bancas de trabalhos de conclusão

Mestrado

1. DOMINGUES, M. R.; Hallal, Pedro C.; MINTEN, G. C.; PINTO, S. S.. Participação em banca de Tanísia Hipólito Medeiros.
Insatisfação corporal feminina e prática de atividade física em frequentadoras de academia na cidade de Pelotas. 2015.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

2. HALLAL, PEDRO C. Participação em banca de Rudiard Anderson Dórr Vogt. Saúde do trabalhador e excesso de peso.
2014. Dissertação (Mestrado em PROMOÇÃO DA SAUDE) - Universidade de Santa Cruz do Sul.
3. VECCHIO, F. B.; HALLAL, PEDRO C; NAKAMURA, F. Y.; AZEVEDO, M. R.. Participação em banca de Yuri Salenave Ribeiro.

Efeitos de sessões de treino geral e espedfico no desempenho de habilidade técnica do passe em jovens futebolistas. 2014.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

4. SILVA, M. C.; Hallal, Pedro Curi; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; DUMITH, S. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em
banca de Rafaela Ávila Mattioli. Relação entre força de pressão manual e nível de atividade física em idosos hipertensos.
2014. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Fisica) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

5. HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; REIS, R. S.; DOMINGUES, M. R.. Participação em banca de Carolina Bohns Mattea.
Educação física nos anos iniciais do ensino fundamental: intensidade dos esforços físicos e conteúdos desenvolvidos. 2014.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

6. SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; ROMBALDI, Airton José; HALLAL, PEDRO C; ORCY, R. B.; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em
banca de Vidor Edgar Pitzer Neto. Fotogrametria da cinemática da marcha de idosos ativos, insuficientemente ativos e
inativos. 2014. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

7. MARQUES, A. C.; HALLAL, P. C.; BERGMANN, G. G.; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em banca de Laura Garcia Jung. Barreiras e
facilitadores da prática de atividade física para pessoas com déficit intelectual. 2013. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado
em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

8. MARQUES, A. C.; HALLAL, P. C.; BERGMANN, G. G.; AZEVEDO, M. R.. Participação em banca de Angélica Xavier Kalinoski.
Efeito de uma intervenção com exergaming, nos fatores de risco para síndrome metabólica em adultos com Síndrome de
Down. 2013. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.

9. REICHERT, F. F.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; AZEVEDO, M. R.; QUEVEDO, L. A.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de
Thais Burlani Neves. Atividade física e função cognitiva em crianças de Pelotas, RS. 2013. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

10. HALLAL, P. C.; BARROS, M. V. G.; KNUTH, A.; REICHERT, F. F.. Participação em banca de Milena de Oliveira Fortes.
Efetividade de uma intervenção escolar para promoção da atividade física e saúde. 2013. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

11. Hallal, Pedro Curi; ROMBALDI, Airton José; THUROW, H. S.; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes. Participação em banca de
Carlos Marcelo Cuello Moreno. Associação entre atividade física, aptidão cardio respiratória e biomarcadores inflamatórios
em adultos jovens saudáveis. 2013. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

12. HALLAL, P. C.; LOPES, A. S.; Barbosa, A. R.. Participação em banca de Shana Ginar da Silva. Percepção de bem estar e
fatores assodados em trabalhadores do setor industrial brasileiro. 2012. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) -
Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina.
20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

34.

25.

 

REICHERT, F. F.; HALLAL, P. C.; Capilheira, M.F.; FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C.. Participação em banca de Felipe Vogt Cureau.
Simultaneidade de fatores de risco para doenças crônicas em adolescentes escolares da cidade de Santa Maria, RS. 2012.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de
Pelotas.

Santos, T. M.; GOMES, P. S. C.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Luiz Daniel Pereira de Almeida. Demanda
metabólica das atividades de militares da marinha do Brasil. 2012. Dissertação (Mestrado em Programa de Pós-graduação
em Educação Física) - Universidade Gama Filho.

FIGUEIREDO, M. X. B.; LIMA, G. H.; NUNES, G. H. L.; MEIRA, M. R.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Carla
Teixeira Coelho. Brincadeiras, espaços e tempos: as infâncias nas vozes das crianças. 2012. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F.; MORAES, D. U.; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em banca de
Leony Morgana Galliano. Portadores de Diabetes Mellitus no Brasil: quantos sabem que são, quem são eles, como estão de
saúde e como manejam a doença?. 2012. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de
Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; FARIA JR., J. C.. Participação em banca de Carolina de Vargas Nunes Coll. Comparação da prática de
atividade física em adolescentes de Pelotas-RS em um período de seis anos. 2012. Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia)
- Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; NAKAMURA, P. M.. Participação em banca de Márcio de Almeida Mendes. Associação entre atividade física e
percepção de insegurança contra crimes em adultos: um estudo de base populacional. 2012. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em banca de Chirle de Oliveira
Raphaelli. Associação entre comportamento de pais e irmãos e estilo de vida de adolescentes escolares de zona rural. 2011.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Curso de Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C.; REICHERT, F. F.. Participação em banca de Felipe Vogt Coreau. Pressão arterial
elevada e agregação de fatores de risco para as doenças crônicas em adolescentes escolares de Santa Maria, RS. 2011.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Curso de Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

PARDO, E. R.; HALLAL, P. C.; BUSSOLETI, D.; RIGO, L. C.. Participação em banca de Gabriela Nilson. Imagem corporal em
alunos do curso de bacharelado da ESEF/UFPel. 2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) -
Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

XAVIER, M. B. F.; HALLAL, P. C.; NUNES, G. H. L.; SILVA, J. A.. Participação em banca de Ruhena Kelber Abrão Ferreira. O
espaço e o tempo da infância no período de transição da educação infantil para os anos iniciais. 2011. Dissertação
(Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Nahas, MV; Hallal, Pedro C.; LOPES, A. S.; Barbosa, A. R.. Participação em banca de Shana Ginar da Silva. Percepção de
bem-estar e fatores associados em trabalhadores do setor industrial brasileiro. 2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação
Física) - Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina.

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso; HALLAL, P. C.; PERES, K.. Participação em banca de Fabiana Cabreira. Biossegurança em
consultórios odontológicos públicos no município de Alegrete, RS.. 2010. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado Profissional) -
Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; REICHERT, F. F.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci; AZEVEDO, M. R.. Participação em
banca de Marina Marques Kremer. Intensidade e duração dos esforços físicos em aulas curriculares de Educação Física.
2010. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Fisica) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal
de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; SILVA, M. C.; DOMINGUES, M. R.; FASSA, Anaclaudia Gastal. Participação em
banca de Virgílio Viana Ramires. Atividade física nas empresas da indústria de Pelotas, RS: um estudo descritivo do
oferecimento, oportunidades e incentivos dados aos trabalhadores. 2010. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação
Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; NEDEL, F. B.; COSTA, Juvenal Dias da; FACCHINI, L. A.. Participação em banca de Mairici Souza Jeremias.
Internações Hospitalares por Condições Sensíveis á Atenção Primária em Lages- Santa Catarina. 2010. Dissertação
(Mestrado em Mestrado Profissional Saúde Pública Baseada em Evi) - Programa de Pós-Graduação em Epidemiologia
Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

FASSA, Anaclaudia Gastal; FARIAS, N. M.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Rodrigo Dalke Meucci. Dor lombar
crônica: tendência temporal e fatores associados. 2010. Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de
Pelotas.

GONÇALVES, H.; REIS, R. S.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Inácio Crochemore Monhsan da Silva. Associação
entre suporte social e atividade física no lazer em adultos. 2010. Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.

DEMARCO, F. F.; HALLAL, P. C.; CENCI, T. P.. Participação em banca de Marcos Britto corrêa. Uso e necessidade de
prótese em adultos jovens numa coorte prospectiva de nascimentos. 2009. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em
Odontologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; OLINTO, M. T. A.; CASTRO, T. G.. Participação em banca de Ana Weigert Bressan. Efeitos da sazonalidade
nos níveis de atividade física em adultos. 2008. Dissertação (Mestrado em Programa de Pós Graduação em Saúde Coletiva) -
Universidade do Vale do rio dos Sinos.

HALLAL, P. C.; BARROS, Aluísio J D; BENEDETTI, T. R. B.. Participação em banca de Giovêâni Firpo Del Duca. Incapacidade
funcional em idosos: estudo de base populacional em uma ddade do Sul do Brasil. 2008. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; ARAÚJO, C. L; OLIVEIRA, A. P.. Participação em banca de Alan Goularte Knuth. Comparação da atividade
física em adultos de Pelotas - RS por um período de cinco anos. 2008. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em
Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em banca de Chirle de Oliveira Raphaelli. Associação
entre comportamentos de pais e irmãos e estilo de vida de adolescentes escolares. 2008. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

 
36.

37.

38.

39.

40.

41.

HALLAL, PEDRO. Participação em banca de Tales Emílio Costa Amorim. Associação entre Percepção de Ambiente e Prática
de Atividade Física em Adultos de Pelotas. 2008. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.

Nahas, MV; ASSIS, M. A. A.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Hector Luiz Rodrigues Munaro. Efetividade de uma
intervenção educacional de curta duração sobre a diminuição da prevalência de fatores de risco para doenças e agravos
não-transmissíveis.. 2007. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina.

BARROS, M. V. G.; COSTA, M. C.; CALDAS JUNIOR, A. F.; HALLAL, P, C.. Participação em banca de Jorge Bezerra.
Tabagismo, etilismo, prática de atividades físicas e comportamentos sedentários em adolescentes. 2007. Dissertação
(Mestrado em Hebiatria - Determinantes de Saúde na Adolescencia) - Universidade de Pernambuco.

BARROS, M. V. G.; SILVESTRE, C. M.; HALLAL, P. C.; ALVES, J. G. B.. Participação em banca de Rafael Miranda Tassitano.
Prevalência e fatores associados ao sobrepeso e à obesidade em adolescentes. 2007. Dissertação (Mestrado em Hebiatria -
Determinantes de Saúde na Adolescencia) - Universidade de Pernambuco.

BARROS, M. V. G.; COSTA, M. C.; COLLARES, V.; HALLAL, P, C.. Participação em banca de Maria Cedlia Marinho Tenório.
Atividades físicas e comportamentos sedentários em adolescentes: estudo transversal com estudantes da rede pública de
Pernambuco. 2007. Dissertação (Mestrado em Hebiatria - Determinantes de Saúde na Adolescencia) - Universidade de
Pernambuco.

KOKUBUN, E.; HALLAL, P. C.; GOBBI, S.. Participação em banca de Lara Belmudez Bottcher. Comparação dos níveis de
aptidão física entre hipertensos e normotensos. 2007. Dissertação (Mestrado em Ciências da Motricidade) - Universidade
Estadual Paulista Júlio de Mesquita Filho.

HALLAL, P. C.; COSTA, Juvenal Soares Dias da; HENNINGTON, E. A.. Participação em banca de Mauro Gomes Mattos. Dor
lombar em adultos de um plano de saúde: prevalência e fatores associados. 2006. Dissertação (Mestrado em Saúde
Coletiva) - Universidade do Vale do Rio dos Sinos.

  

Teses de doutorado

1.

REIS, R. S.; HALLAL, PEDRO C; MARTINS, P. A.; SARTI, F. M.; FLORINDO, A. A.; Caiaffa, W.; RECH, C. R.. Participação
em banca de Leandro Martin Totaro Garcia. Desenvolvimento de um modelo baseado em agentes para investigar a
conformação e evolução de padrões populacionais de atividade física no lazer em adultos. 2016. Tese (Doutorado em Pós-
Graduação em Nutrição em Saúde Pública) - Universidade de São Paulo.

Curi Hallal, P. Participação em banca de Antônio Shafer Augusto. Duração do sono e gordura corporal na adolescência.
2016. Tese (Doutorado em Doutorado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Leonardo Pozza dos Santos. Forma corporal aos seis anos: componentes e
determinantes. 2016. Tese (Doutorado em Doutorado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, PEDRO; SICHIERI, R.; LOPES, C. S.; CUNHA, D. B.; BLOCH, C. V.. Participação em banca de Vanessa Schultz
Straatnann. Avaliação do papel de fatores psicossociais na atividade física e sedentarismo de adolescentes. 2016. Tese
(Doutorado em Curso de Mestrado e Doutorado da UERJ) - Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro.

Hallal, Pedro C.. Participação em banca de Virgílio Viana Ramires. Atividade física durante a adolescência e composição
corporal aos 18 anos em pertencentes à coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas de 1993. 2015. Tese (Doutorado em
Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

COSTA, F. F.; TASSITANO, R. M.; BARROS, M.; HALLAL, PEDRO; MOTA, J. A. P. S.. Participação em banca de Gerfeson
Mendonça dos Santos. Influência do Comportamento Sedentário sobre os Marcadores Cardiometabólicos em Adolescentes:
um Estudo Longitudinal. 2015. Tese (Doutorado em EDUCAÇÃO FÍSICA FESP - UPE - UFPB) - Universidade de Pernambuco.
MONTEIRO, H. L.; HALLAL, PEDRO C; SILVA, A. S.; CODOGNO, J. S.; KOKUBUN, E.. Participação em banca de Bruna
Camilo Turi. Práticas de atividades físicas, doenças crônicas não transmissíveis e mortalidade entre adultos usuários da
atenção primária do sistema público de saúde de Bauru, São Paulo: estudo longitudinal de cinco anos. 2015. Tese
(Doutorado em Ciências da Motricidade) - Universidade Estadual Paulista Júlio de Mesquita Filho.

SILVA, H. D. G.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; Curi Hallal, P. Participação em banca de Shana Ginar da Silva. Atividade física na
gestação e desfechos de saúde materno-infantil: Coorte de nascimentos de 2015, Pelotas - RS. 2014. Tese (Doutorado em
Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

SOUZA, R. K. T.; MESAS, A. E.; PATTUSSI, M. P.; HALLAL, P. C.; ANDRADE, S. M.; TRELHA, C. S.; HADDAD, M. C. F. L..
Participação em banca de Mathias Roberto Loch. Associação entre capital social e comportamentos relacionados à saúde:
Estudo de base populacional. 2013. Tese (Doutorado em Saúde Coletiva) - Universidade Estadual de Londrina.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Cláudia Ciceri Cesa. Atividade física e exercício em crianças e adolescentes na
redução de fatores de risco para aterosclerose: análise transversal em uma coorte clínica, ensaio randomizado e revisão
sistemática com metanálise. 2013. Tese (Doutorado em Ciências da Saúde (Cardiologia) - Instituto de Cardiologia do Rio
Grande do Sul.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Daniel Umpierre de Moraes. Associação do Treinamento Físico Estruturado e
Recomendação de Atividade Física com Controle Glicêmico em Padentes com Diabetes Tipo 2. 2012. Tese (Doutorado em
Ciências da Saúde: Cardiologia e Ciências Cardiovasculares) - Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul.

REIS, R. S.; HALLAL, P, C.. Participação em banca de Rogério Cesar Fermino. Utilização de Espaços Públicos de Lazer:
Associação com Variáveis Individuais e Ambientais em Adultos de Curitiba - PR. 2012. Tese (Doutorado em Educação Física)
- Universidade Federal do Paraná.

MOREIRA, J. C. F.; HALLAL, P. C.; PINHO, R. A.; OLIVEIRA, A. R.. Participação em banca de Marcelo Silveira da Costa. O
impacto da frequência do exercício físico sobre proteinas sinápticas e o comportamento de ratos durante a fase adulta e no
envelhecimento. 2012. Tese (Doutorado em Ciências Biológicas) - Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul.

DEMARCO, F. F.; ZANCHI, C. H.; ANTUNES, 9. L. F.; HALLAL, P. C.; CARVALHO, R. V.. Participação em banca de Marcos
Britto Corrêa. Determinantes ao longo do ciclo vital para a escolha de material e falha de restaurações em dentes
posteriores em adultos jovens: um estudo numa coorte de nascimentos. 2011. Tese (Doutorado em odontologia) -
Programa de pos graduação em odontologia.

BARROS, Aluísio J D; ANDRADE, S. M.; FASSA, Anaclaudia Gastal; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Giancarlo
Bacchieri. Intervenção comunitária para prevenção de acidentes de trânsito entre trabalhadores ciclistas - Projeto Ciclovida.
2010. Tese (Doutorado em Doutorado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

 
20.

FACCHINI, L. A.; SANTOS, 1. 5., HALLAL, P. C.; SPARRENBERGER, F.. Participação em banca de Fulvio Nedel. Internações
Hospitalares Evitáveis pela Atenção Primária: estudo do impacto do programa saúde da família sobre as internações por
condições sensíveis à atenção primária. 2009. Tese (Doutorado em Doutorado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de
Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Alexandre Carriconde Marques. O perfil do estilo de vida de pessoas com
Síndrome de Down e normas para avaliação da Aptidão Física. 2008 - Programa de Pós Graduação em Ciências do
Movimento Humano - ESEF/UFRGS.

BARROS, Aluísio Jardim Dornelas de; HORTA, B. L.; BENICIO, M. H.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Marlos
Rodrigues Domingues. Atividades físicas nas gestantes da Coorte de 2004. 2007. Tese (Doutorado em Epidemiologia) -
Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

LOPES, A. S.; HALLAL, P, C.. Participação em banca de José Cazuza de Farias Junior. Nível de atividade física e fatores de
influência em adolescentes da cidade de Florianópolis - SC. 2007. Tese (Doutorado em Programa de Pós Graduação Em
Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina.

HALLAL, P. C.; HORTA, B. L; TORRIANI, D. D.; PIVA, E.; DEMARCO, F. F.. Participação em banca de Fábio Garcia Lima.
Traumatismo dental em incisivos e necessidade de tratamento numa coorte de nascimentos aos 12 anos de idade. 2006.
Tese (Doutorado em Odontologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Qualificações de Doutorado

MONTEIRO, H. L.; HALLAL, PEDRO; KOKUBUN, E.. Participação em banca de Bruna Camilo Turi. Atividade física e doenças
crônicas não transmissíveis: estudo de série histórica. 2015. Exame de qualificação (Doutorando em Ciências da
Motricidade) - Universidade Estadual Paulista Júlio de Mesquita Filho.

FASSA, Anaclaudia Gastal; Curi Hallal, P. Participação em banca de Antônio Shafer. Duração do sono e gordura corporal na
adolescência. 2014. Exame de qualificação (Doutorando em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

BARROS, Aluísio J D; REICHERT, F. F.; Curi Hallal, P. Participação em banca de Grégore Iven Mielke. Comportamento
sedentário em adolescentes: determinantes socioeconômicos e consequência para a saúde. 2014. Exame de qualificação
(Doutorando em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Victora, C. G; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Márcio Mendes. Validação de limiares com acelerometria
para classificação de diferentes intensidades de atividade física em adultos. 2014. Exame de qualificação (Doutorando em
Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

SANTOS, 1. S.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Carolina de Vargas Nunes Coll. Prática de atividade física na
gestação e potenciais efeitos à saúde materna no período pós-parto. 2014. Exame de qualificação (Doutorando em
Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

BARROS, Aluísio Jardim Dornelas de; HALLAL, P. C.; MONTEIRO. C. A.. Participação em banca de Thiago Herik de Sá.
Como estamos indo? O estudo do deslocamento ativo no Brasil. 2013. Exame de qualificação (Doutorando em Programa de
Pós Graduação Nutrição em Saúde Públic) - Universidade de São Paulo.

CORREA, M. B.; HALLAL, P. C.; MARCO, F. F.. Participação em banca de Kauê Farias Collares. Determinantes para a falha
de restaurações em dentes posteriores ao longo da vida: um estudo numa coorte de nascimentos. 2013. Exame de
qualificação (Doutorando em Odontologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

DUARTE, Y. A. O.; SOUZA, C. A.; GOBBO, L. A.; FREITAS JUNIOR, 1. F.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Igor
Conterato Gomes. Impacto da atividade física na funcionalidade de idosos residentes no município de São Paulo: Estudo
SABE: Saúde, Bem-estar e Envelhecimento (2010-2013/2014). 2013. Exame de qualificação (Doutorando em Doutorado em
Ciências) - Universidade de São Paulo.

ARAÚJO, C. L. P.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Giancarlo Bachieri. Projeto Ciclo Vida: reduzindo acidentes
entre cidiistas. 2008. Exame de qualificação (Doutorando em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

GIGANTE, Denise Petrucci; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Rodrigo Duquia. Prevalência e fatores associados à
acne em adolescentes do sexo masculino alistados do exército da cidade de Pelotas em 2008. 2008. Exame de qualificação
(Doutorando em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Alexandre Carriconde Marques. Mapas e cenários do perfil de pessoas com
Síndrome de Down e validação de normas para aplicação de testes de aptidão física e desempenho motor. 2007. Exame de
qualificação (Doutorando em Ciências do Movimento Humano) - Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul.

Qualificações de Mestrado

ROMBALDI, Airton José; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; Curi Hallal, P; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em banca de César
Háfele. Atividade física no lazer e no deslocamento de indivíduos epilépticos: prevalências e fatores associados. 2015.
Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

RIGO, L. C.; KNUTH, A.; FREITAS, G. S.; Hallal, Pedro C.. Participação em banca de Daniel Vidinha da Silva. Categorias de
Base: uma análise da profissionalização dos jogadores de futebol formados nos clubes de Pelotas-RS. 2015. Exame de
qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; ROMBALDI, Airton José; DOMINGUES, M. R.; SILVA, 1. C. M.; Curi Hallal, P. Participação
em banca de William Macedo da Silva. Impacto de intervenção com atividade física em população de área de abrangência
de Unidade Básica de Saúde. 2015. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.

KNUTH, A. G.; RIGO, L. C.; QUADRADO, R. P.; Hallal, Pedro C.. Participação em banca de Angélica Teixeira da Silva
Leitzke. Análise dos discursos midiáticos do Quadro ?Medida Certa?: formas de produções do corpo e da subjetividade.
2015. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; KNUTH, A. G.; FLORINDO, A. A.; AZEVEDO, M. R.. Participação em banca de Alex Sander Souza de Souza.
Tendências temporais de atividade física e comportamento sedentário em Porto Alegre, Brasil: 2006-2012. 2014. Exame de
qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

RIGO, L. C.; HALLAL, P. C.; KNUTH, A.; MARQUES, A. C.. Participação em banca de Daniel Vidinha da Silva. Categorias de
base: uma análise das políticas dos clubes de Pelotas-RS.. 2014. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) -

 
20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Hallal, Pedro Curi; SHILD, J. F. G.; KNUTH, A.; REICHERT, F. F.. Participação em banca de Carlos Alex Martins Soares.
Participação nas aulas de Educação Física e níveis de atividade física de jovens brasileiros. 2014. Exame de qualificação
(Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

DOMINGUES, M. R.; HALLAL, P. C.; PINTO, S. S.; ALBERTON, C. L.. Participação em banca de Tanísia Hipólito Medeiros.
Insatisfação corporal feminina e prática de atividade física em frequentadoras de academia na cidade de Pelotas. 2014.
Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; SIQUEIRA, F. V.; REICHERT, F. F.. Participação em banca de Carolina Bohns
Mattea. Educação Física nas séries iniciais: duração e intensidade dos esforços físicos nas aulas e conteúdos desenvolvidos.
2013. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física -
Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

ROMBALDI, Airton José; SILVA, M. C.; KNUTH, A. G.; HALLAL, P. C.. Partidpação em banca de Nicole Gomes Gonzales. A
saúde na aula de educação física: análise de uma intervenção de base escolar no município de Canguçu/RS. 2013. Exame
de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal
de Pelotas.

AZEVEDO, M. R.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; BARROS, M. V. G.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Daiana Lopes da
Rosa. Nível de atividade física no ambiente escolar: um estudo sobre o recreio nos anos iniciais do ensino fundamental das
escolas de Pelotas/RS. 2013. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de
Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; ROMBALDI, Airton José; HALLAL, P. C.; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em banca de Victor
Edgar Pitzer Neto. Fotogrametria da cinemática da marcha de idosos praticantes e não praticantes de Atividade Física. 2013.
Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

SILVA, M. C.; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Rafaela
Ávila Mattioli. Força de preensão manual em idosos da cidade de Pelotas. 2013. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em
Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

VECCHIO, F. B.; HALLAL, P. C.; NAKAMURA, F. Y.; AZEVEDO, M. R.. Participação em banca de Yuri Salenave Ribeiro.
Efeitos de diferentes sessões de treino no desempenho em testes de habilidades técnicas específicas com jovens
futebolistas. 2013. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.
HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Heber do Ouro Lopes Silva. Associação entre nível de atividade física e fatores de
risco cardiovascular em adolescentes. 2013. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Católica
de Brasília.

HALLAL, P. C.; REICHERT, F. F.; FARIAS JUNIOR, J. C.. Participação em banca de Milena de Oliveira Fortes. Efetividade de
uma Intervenção de Promoção de Atividade Física e Saúde na Educação Física Escolar da cidade de Pelotas, RS. 2012.
Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.

SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; DOMINGUES, M. R.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Thamires Lorenzet Cunha
Seus. Diabetes e Prática de Atividade Física no Brasil. 2012. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação
Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F.. Participação em banca de Leony Morgana Galliano.
Portadores de Diabetes Mellitus no Brasil: quantos sabem que são, quem são eles, como estão de saúde e como manejam a
doença?. 2012. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física -
Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Thais Farias Collares. Desenvolvimento de ensaios imunoquímicos e moleculares
para detecção de doping com eritropoetina. 2012. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Biotecnologia) - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; SEIXAS, F. K.. Participação em banca de Carlos Marcelo Cuello Moreno. Associação
entre atividade física, aptidão cardiorrespiratória e biomarcadores inflamatórios em adultos jovens aparentemente
saudáveis. 2012. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

DOMINGUES, M. R.; HALLAL, P. C.; NOAL, R. B.. Participação em banca de Maria Laura Dutra Resem Brizio. Atividade
física e câncer de pulmão: um estudo de casos e controles. 2011. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em
Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

MARQUES, A. C.; HALLAL, P. C.; BERGMANN, G. G.. Participação em banca de Laura Garcia Jung. Barreiras e facilitadores
da prática de atividade física de pessoas com déficit intelectual. 2011. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em
Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

MARQUES, A. C.; HALLAL, P. C.; BERGMANN, G. G.. Participação em banca de Angelica Xavier Kalinoski. Efeito de uma
intervençao com exergaming nos fatores de risco para Sindrome Metabólica em adultos com Síndrome de Down. 2011.
Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.

BERTOLDI, Andréa Dâmaso; OLINTO, M. T. A.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Louise Varela Dutra. Indicadores
de risco para deficiência auditiva em recém-nascidos nas maternidades de Caxias do Sul - RS. 2009. Exame de qualificação
(Mestrando em Pós-Graduação em Saúde Coletiva) - Universidade do Vale do Rio dos Sinos.

ROMBALDI, Airton José; HALLAL, P. C,; FASSA, Anaclaudia Gastal. Participação em banca de Antônio Carlos Onofrio. Dor
lombar em adolescentes de uma cidade do sul do Brasil: prevalência e fatores associados. 2009. Exame de qualificação
(Mestrando em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.
HALLAL, P. C.; REIS, R. S.; ASSUNCAO, M. C. F.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Tales Emílio Costa
Amorim. Associação entre percepção de ambiente e prática de atividade física em adultos de Pelotas, RS. 2008. Exame de
qualificação (Mestrando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

NEUTZLING, M. B.; HALLAL, P. C.; ARAÚJO, C. L.. Participação em banca de Jaqueline Copetti. Barreiras à Pratica de
Atividades Físicas de Adolescentes da Cidade de Pelotas/RS. 2008. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Mestrado em
Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Caroline Colla. Prevalência do acidente vascular cerebral e seus fatores
associados na população adulta do município de Lages, SC, Brasil, 2007. 2007. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Saúde
29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

Coletiva) - Universidade do Planalto Catarinense.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Adriane Cristina Bernat. Prevalência de sintomas respiratórios e fatores
associados no município de Lages, SC, Brasil, 2007. 2007. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Saúde Coletiva) -
Universidade do Planalto Catarinense.

HALLAL, P. C.; OLINTO, M. T. A.; ANJOS, L. A.. Participação em banca de Ana Weigert Bressan. Estudo de validação das
seções de lazer e deslocamento da versão longa do Questionário Internacional de Atividade Física (IPAQ) e efeito da
sazonalidade nos níveis de atividade física em adultos. 2007. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Programa de Pós
Graduação em Saúde Coletiva) - Universidade do Vale do rio dos Sinos.

MONTEIRO. C. A.; HALLAL, P. C.; FLORINDO, A. A.. Participação em banca de Emanuel Pericles Salvador. Atividade Física
e sua relação com variáveis individuais e ambientais na população idosa do distrito de Ermelino Matarazzo da zona leste de
São Paulo. 2007. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Nutrição Humana Aplicada) - Universidade de São Paulo.
KOKUBUN, E.; HALLAL, P. C.; GOBBI, S.. Participação em banca de Lara Belmudes Bottcher. Comparação dos níveis de
aptidão física entre hipertensos e normotensos. 2007. Exame de qualificação (Mestrando em Ciêndias da Motricidade) -
Universidade Estadual Paulista Júlio de Mesquita Filho.

TORRIANI, D. D.; KRAMER, P. F.; HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Flávia Prietsch Wendt. Estudo Epidemiológico
dos traumatismos alveolodentários e alunos das Escolas Municipais de Educação Infantil de Pelotas/RS. 2006. Exame de
qualificação (Mestrando em Programa de Pós Graduação Em Odontologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Monografias de cursos de aperfeiçoamento/ especialização

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; DOMINGUES, M. R.. Participação é em banca de Renata Moraes Bielemann.
Atividade fisica e e minimização de custos por doenças crônicas ao Sistema Único de Saúde. 2009. Monografia
(Aperfeiçoamento/Especialização em Curso de Pós Graduação) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal
de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; SILVA, M. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Lúcio Kerber Canabarro. Índice de massa
corporal e perímetro da cintura em soldados do corpo de bombeiros de Pelotas ? RS. 2007. Monografia
(Aperfeiçoamento/Especialização em Atividade Física e Promoção da Saúde) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.
ROMBALDI, Airton José; HALLAL, P. C,; MARQUES, A. C.; AZEVEDO, M. R.. Participação em banca de Samuel de Carvalho
Dumith. Aptidão Física Relacionada a Saúde de Escolares do Ensino Fundamental. 2006. Monografia
(Aperfeiçoamento/Especialização em Curso de Pós Graduação) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal
de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; XAVIER, T. P.. Participação em banca de Felipe Fossati Reichert. Inutilidade da frequência cardíaca para
predição do limiar anaeróbico em ciclistas. 2004. Monografia (Aperfeiçoamento/Especialização em Especialização Em
Treinamento Desportivo) - Escola Superior de Educação Física Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Trabalhos de conclusão de curso de graduação

1.

SILVA, M. C.; HALLAL, PEDRO; SILVA, 1. C. M.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Tiago Silva dos
Santos.Prevalência de atividade física em acadêmicos de primeiro ano de graduação em educação física.. 2015. Trabalho de
Conclusão de Curso (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; SIQUEIRA, Fernando Vinholes; PINTO, S. S.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Indiára
Alexandra Vilela da Silva.Efeitos do exercício físico sobre a dor nas costas na gestação: ensaio controlado randomizado..
2015. Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.. Participação em banca de Fernanda Garcia Fontoura. Imagem corporal e participação de meninas em aulas
de Educação Física no Ensino Médio. 2012. Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso (Graduação em Educação Física) - Escola
Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; DOMINGUES, M. R.; MARQUES, A. C.. Participação em banca de Nélson Iahncke. Levantamento do histórico
de atividade física em pacientes depressivos internados em clínicas na cidade de Pelotas. 2010. Trabalho de Conclusão de
Curso (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; DOMINGUES, M. R.; BACCHIERI, G.. Participação em banca de Grégore Iven Mielke. Atividade Física e
Fatores Associados em Universitários do Primeiro Ano da Universidade Federal de Pelotas. 2010. Trabalho de Conclusão de
Curso (Graduação em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; DOMINGUES, M. R.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Júlia Oliveira Islabão.Ginástica
Laboral, Saúde e Qualidade de Vida de Trabalhadores da Indústria de Pelotas, RS. 2010. Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso
(Graduação em Educação Fisica) - Escola Superior de Educação Física Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; DOMINGUES, M. R.; SILVA, M. C.. Participação em banca de Carolina de Vargas Nunes Coll. Percepção
Populacional Referente à Influência da Mídia Sobre o Estilo de Vida. 2010. Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso (Graduação em
Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

HALLAL, P. C.; AZEVEDO, M. R.; REICHERT, F. F.; ROMBALDI, Airton José. Participação em banca de Thiago Rozales
Ramires.O Tabagismo e o Consumo de Álcool em Estudantes da UFPel. 2010. Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso (Graduação
em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Participação em bancas de comissões julgadoras

Concurso público

1.

HALLAL, P. C.; ROMBALDI, Airton José; CLARK, S. C.. Concurso Público para Professor Assistente. 2006. Universidade
Federal de Pelotas.
 valiação de cursos

Outras parti

Curi Hallal, P. Comitê de Avaliadores Externos dos Projetos submetidos aos Programas Institucionais de Bolsas de
Iniciação Científica PIBIC/CNPa/PUCRS/2014-2015 e de Iniciação em Desenvolvimento Tecnológico e Inovação
PIBITI/CNPq/PUCRS/2015-2016. 2015. Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul.

 

 

pações
HALLAL, P. C.; GONZALEZ, A. D.; ANDRADE, S. M.. Avaliador do Programa Institucional de Bolsas de Doutorado Sanduíche
no Exterior da CAPES (PDSE). 2012. Universidade Estadual de Londrina.

2. HALLAL, P. C.. Avaliador de projetos do Comitê Externo do Edital PROBITI/FAPERGS/PUCRS 2011/2012. 2011. Pontifícia
Universidade Católica do Rio Grande do Sul.

3. HALLAL, P. C.. Comitê Científico do XXIX Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 2010. Escola Superior de Educação Física -
Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

A HALLAL, P. C.. Avaliador no processo de seleção de bolsas de estudos dos Programas PIBIC e PIBITI instituídos pelo
Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico (CNPq). 2009. Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

5. Curi Hallal, P. XXVII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 2008. Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

6. Curi Hallal, P. XXVII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 2008. Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

7. HALLAL, P. C.; VAGHETTI, C.; TERRES, N. G.. Banca de seleção para monitor da disciplina Ginástica III e Biometria. 2006.
Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

8. ROMBALDI, Airton José; HALLAL, P. C.; PEREIRA, F. M.. Banca de seleção de monitor da disciplina de Fisiologia do
Exercício I e II. 2006. Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.

Eventos

 

Participação em eventos, congressos, exposições e feiras

20.

21.

22.

6th International Conference on Ambulatorial Monitoring of physical activitity and movement. Physical activity surveillance
worldwide: Past, present and future. 2019. (Congresso).

X Congresso brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Níveis de atividade física e fatores associados em adultos moradores de zona rural.
2017. (Congresso).

63 rd Annual Meeting of the American College of Sports Medicine. Physical Activity During Adolescence and Lung Function
Gain from 15to 18 Years of Age. 2016. (Congresso).

ENPOS. Mudanças na prática de atividade física na gestação: Coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas, 2015. 2016. (Congresso).
Epidemiology Congress of the Americas. Are consumption of dairy products and physical activity independently related to
bone mineral density of 6 years-old children?. 2016. (Congresso).

Epidemiology Congress of the Americas. Screen time during adolescence and intelligence Quotient at 18 years of age:
results from 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) birth cohort study. 2016. (Congresso).

Epidemiology Congress of the Americas. Built environment and walking behavior among Brazilian older adults: a population-
based Study. 2016. (Congresso).

Epidemiology Congress of the Americas. Leisure-time physical activity during pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: preliminary
results from the 2015 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. 2016. (Congresso).

XXIV Congresso Brasileiro de Nutrição. Associação entre consumo de bebidas adoçadas e excesso de peso em adolescentes
de um município do Sul do Brasil. 2016. (Congresso).

XXIV Congresso Brasileiro de Nutrição. Práticas alimentares saudáveis realizadas por adolescentes de um município do Sul
do Brasil. 2016. (Congresso).

XXV Congresso de Iniciação Científica. Barreiras à prática de atividade física no período da gestação: resultados da Coorte
de nascimentos de 205, Pelotas -RS. 2016. (Congresso).

4º Congresso Iberoamericano de Medicina Familiar y Comunitária. Intervenção com Atividade Física em Unidades Básicas de
Saúde - Projeto UBS Ativa: Aspectos metodológicos de uma intervenção de base comunitária. 2015. (Congresso).

62nd Annual Meeting, 6th World Congress on Exercise is Medicine) and World Congress on the Basic Science of Exercise
Fatigue of the American College of Sports Medicine. ?Physical activity researchers? networks worldwide: The Lancet Physical
Activity Observatory. 2015. (Congresso).

III Physical Activity and Public Health. Physical Activity and Public Health. 2015. (Outra).

Ofiana de Avaliação de Programas de Atividade Física.Oficina de Avaliação de Programas de Atividade Física. 2015.
(Oficina).

Reunião de Avaliação de Periódicos - Qualis. Reunião de Avaliação de Periódicos - Qualis - da Área de Educação Fisica. 2015.
(Outra).

X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Atividade física realizada durante toda a vida e o câncer de pulmão: um
estudo de caso-controle no Sul do Brasil. 2015. (Congresso).

X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Estágios de mudança de comportamento para atividade física entre
escolares: projeto EF+. 2015. (Congresso).

X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Rede mundial de pesquisadores em atividade física: resultados do
observatório global de atividade física. 2015. (Congresso).

X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Uma visão da rede de pesquisa na área de atividade física no Brasil.
2015. (Congresso).

X Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Atividade física e ambiente construído: associações específicas aos
domínios e tipos de atividades em adolescentes pertencentes à coorte de 1993 de Pelotas, RS. 2015. (Congresso).

20th IEA World Congress of Epidemiology. Maternal smoking during pregnancy, and offspring happiness and depression at
age 18: Birth Cohort Study. 2014. (Congresso).
23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

29.
30.

31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
41.
42.

43.

45.

46.

47.

48.

49.

50.

51.

52.

53.

54.

55.

56.

57.

58.

59.

60.

5th International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health. One-year stability of objectively-measured physical activity
among adults. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health. Physical Activity level and recommendations for practice in
participants of the Linda-Brazil project diagnosed with gestacional diabetes mellitus. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health. ENVIRONMENTAL AND INDIVIDUAL CORRELATES OF
OBJECTIVELY-MEASURED PHYSICAL ACTIVITY AND SEDENTARY BEHAVIOR IN A BRAZILIAN ADULT SAMPLE. 2014.
(Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). Are brazilian physical activity experts adive
enough in leisure time?. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). Level of Physical Activity and Sedentary Behavior
in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). Mode of administration does matter: a validation
study using the international physical activity questionaire. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). Individual and clustering patterns of physical
inadtivity in different domains according to gender in a brazilian community. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). Prospective association between video game
playing throughout adolescence and intelligence quotient. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). Physical Activity as a predictor of medicine use
in adolescence: prospective study. 2014. (Congresso).

Sth International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health (ICPAPH). Time trends in 'No Physical activity practice"
among brazilian adolescents (2005-2012). 2014. (Congresso).

5º Congresso Brasileiro sobre o Uso Racional de Medicamentos. Automedicação com medicamentos sujeitos à prescrição -
Uma realidade para adolescentes de 18 anos da coorte de nascimentos de 1993 de Pelotas-RS. 2014. (Congresso).
EuroDURG. Self-medication among adolescents aged 18 years: The 1993 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. 2014.
(Congresso).

V Congresso Brasileiro de Metabolismo, Nutrição e Exerácio. Conferência V. 2014. (Congresso).

XVIII Congresso Mundial de Epidemiologia e VII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Impacto do fornecimento gratuito
de medicamentos no orçamento familiar e no gasto total com saúde em população atendida pela Estratégia de Saúde da
Família. 2014. (Congresso).

XXIII Congresso Brasileiro de Nutrição V Congresso Ibero-Americano de Nutrição. Comportamento de risco à saúde de
adolescentes e seus irmãos. 2014. (Congresso).

20º Congresso do DERC 2013. 2013. (Congresso).

36º Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do Esporte. 2013. (Simpósio).

Associação Médica de Pelotas..A Pandemia de Inatividade Física. 2013. (Outra).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Barreiras para promoção de saúde na escola: percepção de professores
de educação física. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Promoção da atividade física e saúde na América Latina. 2013.
(Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. História da pesquisa em atividade física no Brasil: de onde viemos e
para onde estamos indo?. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Epidemiologia do comportamento sedentário em diferentes domínios do
Brasil. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Associação entre prática de atividade física no lazer e hipertensão
gestacional: evidências a partir da coorte de nascimentos de 2004, Pelotas, RS. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Atividades físicas vivenciadas no lazer e percepção de qualidade de vida
de idosos. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Deslocamento ativo reduz desigualdades sociodemográficas na
aderência às recomendações derivadas da atividade física sufidente no lazer em adultos. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Mensuração do comportamento sedentário por diferentes instrumentos.
2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Promoção da saúde na escola: ações dos professores. 2013.
(Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Marcadores de consumo não saudável entre adolescentes do ensino
médio de quatro cidades do Sul do Brasil. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Mensuração objetiva de atividade física nas três coortes de nascimento
de Pelotas-RS. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Pense 2009 e 2012: mudanças nos níveis de atividade física e de
participação nas aulas de educação física. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Participação em um programa de exercícios físicos em unidades de
saúde da atenção básica de saúde e avaliação do SUS. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Perfil dos ex-usuários de programas de atividade física da cidade de
Panambi-RS. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Perfil dos proprietários e estrutura física das academias de ginástica em
uma cidade do Sul do Brasil. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Atividade física mensurada por acelerometria na escola: um estudo
sobre as aulas de educação física e o recreio. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Associação entre aptidão cardiorrespiratória e nível de atividade física
em adultos jovens. 2013. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Associação entre prática de atividade física no lazer e apoio social
tangível em adolescentes. 2013. (Congresso).
61.

62.

63.

65.

66.

67.
68.

69.
70.

71.
72.

73.
74.

75.

76.

77.

78.

79.

80.

81.

82.

83.

85.

86.

87.

88.

89.

90.

91.

92.
93.

94.
95.
96.
97.
98.

99.

100.

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Fisica e Saúde. Associação entre prática de atividade fisica no lazer e apoio social
tangível em adolescentes. 2013. (Congresso).

Reunião de comitê de área a fim de estratificar e chancelar os periódicos (Qualis Periódicos, da área de Educação Física.
2013. (Outra).

21º Congresso de Iniciação Científica. Percepção de preparo dos profissionais das unidades básicas de saúde do Brasil para
aconselhamento sobre atividade física, controle de peso e alimentação. 2012. (Congresso).

International Society for Physical Activity and Health. 2012. (Congresso).

Oficina do Vigitel.Oficina do Vigitel. 2012. (Oficina).

XVIII Congresso de Geriatria e Gerontologia. Barreiras para prática de atividade física entre idosos participantes e não
participantes de um programa de exercícios físicos em USF e UBS no município de Rio Claro, SP. 2012. (Congresso).
Encontro: 20 Anos do Programa de Pós Graduação em Epidemiologia da Saúde Materno Infantil ao Ciclo Vital. 2011.
(Encontro).

II Jornada Acadêmica de Fisioterapia.Il Jornada Acadêmica de Fisioterapia. 2011. (Outra).

Reunião do Fórum Nacional dos Coordenadores de Pós Graduação de Educação Física, Fonoaudiologia, Fisioterapia e
Terapia Ocupacional da Área 21 da CAPES. 2011. (Outra).

Reunião para Análise do QUALIS da Área de Educação Física. 2011. (Outra).

Taller de Medición del Comportamiento Activo Y Sedentário: vinculando aspectos metodológicos de medición en las
Américas. 2011. (Oficina).

VIII Ciência e Cultura.Promoção da Atividade Física e Saúde em Âmbito Populacional. 2011. (Outra).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. The first 1000 days of the life and long-term development. 2011.
(Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. 2011. (Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. O sedentarismo da epidemiologia e da pesquisa qualitativa. 2011.
(Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Pesquisa em atividade física no Brasil: concepção ou envelhecimento?.
2011. (Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Simultaneidade de fatores de risco em estudantes do primeiro ano universitário:
estudo transversal. 2011. (Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Autopercepção negativa de saúde bucal em indivíduos residentes em instituições
de longa permanência para idosos. 2011. (Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Conhecimento sobre a transmissão de HIV/AIDS entre adolescentes com 11
anos de idade do Sul do Brasil. 2011. (Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Gengivite: prevalência e fatores associados em escolares de Pelotas-RS. 2011.
(Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Simultaneidade de fatores de risco em estudantes do primeiro ano universitário:
Estudo transversal. 2011. (Congresso).

VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Estado nutridonal e nível de atividade física em escolares de 8 a 12 anos de
Pelotas, RS. 2011. (Congresso).

Fórum Nacional de Coordenadores de Pós Graduação em Saúde Coletiva.Fórum Nacional de Coordenadores de Pós
Graduação em Saúde Coletiva. 2010. (Outra).

Reunião Anual da Coordenação da Área 21 da CAPES e Fórum Nacional dos Coordenadores de Pós Graduação em Educação
Física, Fisioterapia, Fonoaudiologia e Terapia Ocupacional. 2010. (Outra).

6th world Congress on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease. Cross-sectional and longitudinal assodations between
physical activity and blood pressure in adolescence: birth cohort study. 2009. (Congresso).

6th World Congress on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease. Influence of breastfeeding, gestacional and perinatal
variables on medicine use at the ages of 3, 12 and 24 months: the 2004 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort Study. 2009.
(Congresso).

7º Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física & Saúde. Associação entre inatividade física em diferentes domínios e nível
econômico em adultos no Sul do Brasil. 2009. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. Quem relata mais discriminação? Visita de 11 anos da coorte de nascimentos de
Pelotas (RS), 1993. 2009. (Congresso).

IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. Conhecimento populacional sobre pontos de cortes para alguns fatores de risco
de doenças cardiovasculares. 2009. (Congresso).

VI Congresso Sul-Brasileiro de Geriatria e Gerontologia. Hospitalização e fatores associações entre residentes de instituições
de longa permanência para idosos. 2009. (Congresso).

VI Congresso Sul-Brasileiro de Geriatria e Gerontologia. Aspectos comportamentais e de saúde associados à incapacidade
funcional em idosos: estudo de base populacional. 2009. (Congresso).

2º Congresso Mundial de Atividade Física e Saúde. Adolescent physical activity and risk of osteoprosis in later life. 2008.
(Congresso).

8º Mostra Nacional de Experiencia bem Sucedida em Epidemiologia, Prevençao e Controle de Doenças. 2008. (Outra).

8º Mostra Nacional de Experiências Bem sucedidas em Epidemiologia, Prevenção e Controle de Doenças.Avaliação de
efetividade em promoção da saúde - Atividade física e saúde: política e recomendações. 2008. (Outra).

Ciência e Cultura.Educação Física e Saúde. 2008. (Encontro).

I Encontro sobre Longevidade humana: Intervenções Multidisciplinares.Atividade Física na Terceira Idade. 2008. (Encontro).
Programa de Pos Graduação em Saúde Coletiva.Cálculo de tamanho da amostra. 2008. (Outra).

Seminário de mestrado: disciplina de Epidemiologia Nutricional. Epidemiologia da Atividade Física: contexto brasileiro e
métodos para a investigação em grupos populadonais. 2008. (Seminário).

XVII Congresso de Iniciação Científica X EN PÓS. Antropometria materna na gestação e pressão arterial nos filhos
adolescentes: uma coorte prospectiva no sul do Brasil. 2008. (Congresso).

XVII Congresso de Iniciação Científica X EN PÓS. Associação de variáveis demográficas e socioeconômicas com ter
experimentado cigarro e bebida de alcool alguma vez na vida em adolescentes 14 a 15 anos de idade. 2008. (Congresso).
101.

102.

103.
104.

105.
106.
107.
108.
109.
110.

111.
112.

113.
114.
115.
116.
117.
118.
119.
120.
121.
122.
123.
124.
125.
126.
127.
128.
129.

130.
131.

132.
133.
134.
135.
136.
137.
138.
139.
140.
141.
142.
143.

144.

XVIII Congresso Mundial de Epidemiologia. Impacto do fornecimento gratuito de medicamentos no orçamento familiar e no
gasto total com saúde em população atendida pela Estratégia de Saúde da Família. 2008. (Congresso).

XVIII Congresso Mundial de Epidemiologia. Discriminação em adolescentes de 11 anos: quem são aqueles que se sentem
mais discriminados?. 2008. (Congresso).

XVIII Congresso Mundial de Epidemiologia / Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Avaliação de programas de atividade
física. 2008. (Congresso).

XVIII Congresso Mundial deEpidemiologia / VII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. 2008. (Congresso).

XVIII Congresso Mundial de Epidemiologia / VII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Epidemiologia da atividade física.
2008. (Congresso).

XVIII Congresso Mundial de Epidemiologia e VII Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. Utilização de medicamentos por
adolescentes de 11 anos de idade da coorte de nascimentos de 1993 de Pelotas - RS. 2008. (Congresso).

Cálculo de Amostra.Cálculo de Amostra. 2007. (Seminário).

Curso de saúde pública e atividade física. Mensuração de atividade física e vigilância epidemiológica. 2007. (Outra).

Curso de saúde pública e atividade física. Determinantes precoces e contemporâneos do nível de atividade física de
adolescentes. 2007. (Outra).

Facilitador no Curso de Avaliação de Programas de Promoção da Saúde e Atividade física.Curso de Avaliação de Programas
de Promoção da Saúde e Atividade Física. 2007. (Outra).

Monitor no Curso de Avaliação de Programas de Promoção da Saúde e Atividade Física.Curso de Avaliação de Programas de
Promoção da Saúde e Atividade Física. 2007. (Outra).

VI Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Epidemiologia da atividade física e saúde pública. 2007. (Congresso).
XXX Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do Esporte.Novas perspectivas da educação física na área da saúde. 2007.
(Simpósio).

XXX Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do Esporte.Tópicos especiais da prescriçao do exercído. 2007. (Simpósio).

XXX Simpósio Internacional de Ciências do Esporte.Aplicação e análise do IPAQ no Brasil. 2007. (Simpósio).

25º Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. Estratégias de atividade física e promoção da saúde na América Latina. 2006.
(Simpósio).

8º Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva e 11º Congresso Mundial de Saúde Pública. Nível de atividade física de
adolescentes em diferentes domínios: estudo de coorte de Pelotas de 1993. 2006. (Congresso).

8º Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva e 11º Congresso Mundial de Saúde Pública. Acesso aos medicamentos em uma
população coberta pelo programa de saúde da família em Porto Alegre, RS. 2006. (Congresso).

8º Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva e 11º Congresso Mundial de Saúde Pública. Contexto social e familiar e atividade
fisica de adolescentes: um estudo de coorte de nascimentos. 2006. (Congresso).

8º Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva e 11º Congresso Mundial de Saúde Pública. Metodologias empregadas em
estudos domiciliares de utilização de medicamentos: uma revisão sistemática. 2006. (Congresso).

Atividade física e promoção da saúde: uma questão de saúde pública.Atividade física e promoção da saúde: uma questão de
saúde pública. 2006. (Outra).

Estratégias de atividade física e promoção da saúde na América Latina. Estratégias de atividade física e promoção da saúde
na América Latina. 2006. (Outra).

I Congresso Catarinense de Saúde Coletiva. A influência do nível socioeconômico sobre a prática de atividades físicas na
adolescência: um estudo transversal aninhado a uma coorte de nascimentos. 2006. (Congresso).

I Congresso Catarinense de Saúde Coletiva. 2006. (Congresso).

International Congress on Physical Activity an Public Health. 2006. (Congresso).

Physical Activity and Public Health Research Course. 2006. (Outra).

Seminário de Currículo da Escolar Superior de Educação Física. 2006. (Seminário).

VII Simpósio Nordestino de Atividade Física e Saúde.Pesquisa em Atividade Física e Saúde: situação atual e perspectivas.
2006. (Simpósio).

VII Simpósio Nordestino de Atividade Física e Saúde.Ministrante com o tema Pesquisa em Atividade Física e Saúde: aspectos
metodológicos e situações práticas. 2006. (Simpósio).

VII Simpósio Nordestino de Atividade Física e Saúde.Promoção da atividade física: uma questão de saúde pública. 2006.
(Simpósio).

XXVI Semana Acadêmica ESEF/UFPel. Mesa Redonda: Educação Física e Saúde Pública. 2006. (Congresso).

2º Congresso Internacional de Fisioterapia e 3º Simpósio Brasileiro sobre Diagnóstico Cinesiológico Funcional. Epidemiologia
da utilização de fisioterapia entre adultos e idosos. 2005. (Congresso).

Cálculo de tamanho de Amostra.Cálculo de tamanho de Amostra. 2005. (Seminário).

Curso de Estatística Básica.Curso de Estatística Básica. 2005. (Outra).

Expo Saúde 2005 - 1 Congresso Nacional de Educação Física. A educação física nas políticas públicas de saúde. 2005.
(Congresso).

Métodos em Epidemiologia: Estudos de Coorte. 2005. (Seminário).

Seminário Nacional de Vigilância em Doenças e Agravos não Transmisssíveis e Promoção da Saúde. 2005. (Seminário).

V Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Ministrante da conferência Epidemiologia da Atividade Física na
Adolescência. 2005. (Congresso).

V Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. Ministrante da ofidna: Análise de dados em atividade física e saúde.
2005. (Congresso).

XIII Congresso Brasileiro de Nefrologia Pediátrica. Prevalência de Enurese em uma amostra populacional de crianças de 3 a
9 anos. 2005. (Congresso).

XXXII Sessão do Comitê Permanente de Nutrição da ONU. 2005. (Outra).

Curso de Estatística Básica.Curso de Estatística Básica. 2004. (Outra).

V Congresso da Escola de Medicina, II Semana Acadêmica da Escola de Medicina, II Jornada dos residentes do Hospital
Universitário São Francisco de Paula. Atualizações: da prevenção ao tratamento. 2004. (Congresso).

VI Simpósio Nordestino de Atividade Física e Saúde. Ministrante da Oficina Epidemiologia da Atividade Física. 2004.
(Congresso).

VI Simpósio Nordestino de Atividade Física e Saúde.VI Simpósio Nordestino de Atividade Fisica e Saúde. 2004. (Simpósio).
145.

146.

147.

148.

149.
150.

151.
152.
153.

154.

155.
156.

157.

158.

159.

160.

161.
162.
163.
164.
165.
166.
167.
168.
169.
170.
171.
172.
173.
174.
175.
176.
177.
178.
179.
180.
181.
182.
183.

185.
186.
187.

188.

189.
190.
191.
192.
193.
194.
195.
196.
197.

XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de Pneumologia e Tisiologia e III Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia. DPOC na América
Latina: manejo da doença. 2004. (Congresso).

XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de Pneumologia e Tisiologia e II Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia. Projeto Platino:
Prevalências de DPOC. 2004. (Congresso).

XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de Pneumologia e Tisiologia e II Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia. Projeto Platino:
Estudo Multicêntrico sobre DPOC na América Latina. 2004. (Congresso).

XXXII Congresso Brasileiro de Pneumologia e Tisiologia e II Congresso Luso-Brasileiro de Pneumologia. Qualidade de vida
medida pelo Sf12. 2004. (Congresso).

17th Puijo Symposium. 2003. (Simpósio).

20º Congresso AMRIGS. Evolução da capacidade aeróbica e percentual de gordura de atletas profissionais de futebol
durante a pré-temporada. 2003. (Congresso).

20º Congresso AMRIGS. Perfil das lesões esportivas do futebol em atletas profissionais. 2003. (Congresso).

Curso Internacional de Epidemiologia Ocupacional. 2003. (Outra).

IV Congresso da Escola de Medina da UCPel. Perfil das lesões esportivas do futebol em atletas profissionais. 2003.
(Congresso).

The International 17th Puijo Symposium "Physical Activity and Health.Comparison between short and full-length
International Physical Activity Questionnaires (IPAQ). 2003. (Simpósio).

VII Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. 2003. (Congresso).

VII Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. Epidemiologia da utilização de medicamentos em adultos: um estudo de base
populacional. 2003. (Congresso).

VII Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. Baixo nível de atividade física: prevalência e fatores associados. 2003.
(Congresso).

VII Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. Epidemiologia da prática de atividades físicas no lazer: um estudo de base
populacional. 2003. (Congresso).

VII Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. Epidemiologia da desnutrição em adultos: um estudo de base populacional.
2003. (Congresso).

XXII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física.Atividade física total: lazer, deslocamentos, trabalho e serviços domésticos. 2003.
(Simpósio).

1º Congresso Pelotense de Epidemiologia. 2002. (Congresso).

V Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. 2002. (Congresso).

V Congresso Brasileiro de Epidemiologia. 2002. (Outra).

3º Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. 2001. (Congresso).

3º Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. 2001. (Congresso).

Amostragem em Inquéritos Populacionais. 2001. (Oficina).

Curso de Epidemiologia Ocupacional.Curso de Epidemiologia Ocupacional. 2001. (Outra).

Pré Conbrace.Pré Conbrace. 2001. (Outra).

Seminário de Educação Física Escolar.Seminário de Educação Física Escolar. 2001. (Seminário).

II Jornada do NUPEFEL.Ministrante de ofidna - II Jornada do NUPEFEL. 2000. (Oficina).

XXII Semana Acadêmica da ESEF/UFPel.XXII Semana Acadêmica da ESEF/UFPel. 2000. (Encontro).

Ciclo de Minicursos da ESEF/UFPEL.Ciclo de Minicursos da ESEF/UFPEL. 1999. (Outra).

Curso de Personal Training. 1999. (Outra).

Educação Física, Esporte e Lazer: Inclusão ou Exclusão?. 1999. (Seminário).

I Fórum de Estudos Curriculares da ESEF/UFPEL.I Fórum de Estudos Curriculares da ESEF/UFPEL. 1999. (Encontro).

I Fórum de Estudos Curriculares da ESEF/UFPEL. 1999. (Encontro).

II Jornada de Medicina Esportiva.II Jornada de Medicina Esportiva. 1999. (Outra).

1 Jornada de Estudos em Educação Física, Esporte e Lazer. 1999. (Encontro).

I Jornada de Estudos em Educação Física, Esporte e Lazer.O Esporte no Século XXI. 1999. (Outra).

1 Jornada de Estudos em Educação Física, Esporte e Lazer. 1999. (Outra).

Programa Especial de Treinamento. 1999. (Outra).

SeminárioEducação Física, Esporte e Lazer: inclusão ou exclusão? .Ministrante de oficina. 1999. (Seminário).

XVIII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física.XVILI Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 1999. (Simpósio).

XVIII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 1999. (Simpósio).

XX Semana Acadêmica da ESEF/UFPEL. 1999. (Encontro).

Curso Internacional de Treinadores de Futebol. 1998. (Outra).

Encontro Regional Sul de Estudantes de Educação Física.Encontro Regional Sul de Estudantes de Educação Física. 1998.
(Encontro).

II Encontro Alternativo de Futsal Categoria Fraldinha.II Encontro Alternativo de Futsal Categoria Fraldinha. 1998.
(Encontro).

IV Encontro Nacional de Grupos PET. 1998. (Encontro).

V Convenção GF de Fitness e Atividades Físicas. 1998. (Encontro).

XVII Simpósio Nacional de Ginástica e Desporto. 1998. (Simpósio).

XVII Simpósio Nacional de Ginástica e Desporto. 1998. (Simpósio).

Curso de Formação de Treinadores de Futsal. 1997. (Outra).

I Encontro Brasileiro de Atividades Física - ENBRAF. 1997. (Encontro).

I Encontro Brasileiro de Atividades Físicas. 1997. (Encontro).

III Congresso Internacional de Atividades Físicas do Mercosul. 1997. (Congresso).

Rustica dos 100 anos Colégio Gonzaga. 1995. (Outra).

Organização de eventos, congressos, exposições e feiras

1.

Hallal, Pedro C.. III Curso de Atividade Física e Saúde Pública. 2015. (Outro).
HALLAL, P. C.. 5th International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health. 2014. (Congresso).
 

3. HALLAL, P. C.; PRATT, M. . Physical Activity & Public Health Course Brazil. 2013. (Outro).

A HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da comissão organizadora do VIII Congresso Brasileiro de Atividade Física e Saúde. 2011.
(Congresso).

5. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro do comitê ciêntifico do XXI Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 2010. (Outro).

6. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da Comissão Científica Ad Hoc do IX Congresso Brasileiro de Saúde Coletiva. 2009. (Congresso).

7. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da comissão organizadora do XVIII Congresso Mundial de Epidemiologia e VII Congresso Brasileiro
de Epidemiologia ? ?Epidemiologia na Construção da Saúde para Todos: métodos para um mundo em transformação. 2008.
(Congresso).

8. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da Comissão Científica do XXVII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 2008. (Congresso).

9. HALLAL, P. C.. Organizador Geral do XXV Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 2007. (Congresso).

10. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da Comissão geral de Organização da XXVII Semana Acadêmica. 2006. (Outro).

11. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da Comissão de Apoio e Infra-estrutura do 1º Pré-Conbrace/RS. 2001. (Congresso).

12. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da Comissão Organizadora da XXII Semana Acadêmica "O Esporte na Escola e a Escola no
Esporte". 2000. (Outro).

13. HALLAL, P. C.. XX Semana Acadêmica do curso de Educação Física. 1999. (Outro).

14. Hallal, Pedro C.. XVIII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 1999. (Outro).

15. HALLAL, P. C.. Membro da Comissão Organizadora do XVII Simpósio Nacional de Educação Física. 1998. (Outro).

Orientações

 

Orientações e supervisões concluídas

Dissertação de mestrado
1.

Rafaela Costa Martins. Níveis de atividade física e fatores ambientais em adultos moradores de zona rural. 2015.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento
Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Carlos Alex Martins Soares. Participação nas aulas de educação física e níveis de atividade física dos escolares
brasileiros: PeNSE 2009 e PeNSE 2012. 2013. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas,
Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Alex Sander de Souza. Análise de tendência temporal em atividade física ao longo de sete anos, em uma adade do sul
do país.. 2013. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues
Curi Hallal.

Leony Morgana Galliano. Portadores de Diabetes Mellitus no Brasil: quantos sabem que são, quem são eles, como estão
de saúde e como manejam a doença?. 2012. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de
Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Chirle de Oliveira Raphaelli. Associação entre comportamento de pais e irmãos e estilo de vida de adolescentes
escolares de zona rural. 2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação
Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Gabriela Nilson. Imagem corporal em alunos do curso de bacharelado da ESEF/UFPel. 2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Coorientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

& Carlos Marcelo Moreno. Atividade física ao longo da adolescência e saúde óssea: associações transversais e
longitudinais. 2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas,
Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Milena de Oliveira Fortes. Efetividade de uma intervenção de promoção da atividade física no ensino fundamental.
2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro
Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Márcio Botelho Peixoto. Prática de Atividade Física e Suporte Social em Adolescentes: Um Estudo de Base Populacional.
2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Programa de Pós-Graduação em Epidemiologia-Universidade Federal de
Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

9 Carolina Bohns Mattea. Educação Física nos anos iniciais do ensino fundamental: duração e intensidade dos esforços
físicos nas aulas e conteúdos desenvolvidos. 2011. Dissertação (Mestrado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de
Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Grégore Iven Mielke. Comportamento Sedentário em Adultos: Estudo Descritivo de Base. 2011. Dissertação (Mestrado
em Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e
Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Marina Marques Kremer. Intensidade e duração dos esforços físicos em aulas curriculres de Educação Física. 2010.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de
Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Marici Souza Jeremias. Internações Hospitalares por Condições Sensíveis á Atenção Primária em Lages- Santa Catarina.
2010. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado Profissional Saúde Pública Baseada em Evi) - Programa de Pós-Graduação em
Epidemiologia-Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Virgílio Viana Ramires. Atividade física nas empresas da indústria de Pelotas, RS: um estudo descritivo do oferecimento,

oportunidades e incentivos dados aos trabalhadores. 2010. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Educação Física) -
Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.
20.

21.

Janete Paravizi Bianchin. Avaliação do manejo da hipertensão arterial e caracterização dos hipertensos atendidos na atenção
básica do município de Arvoredo - SC. 2008. Dissertação (Mestrado em Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal
de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Alan Goularte Knuth. Comparação da prevalência de sedentarismo em adultos após cinco anos na adade de Pelotas..
2007. Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de
Pessoal de Nível Superior. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

& Giovâni Firpo Del Duca. Incapacidade funcional em idosos: estudo de base populacional em uma cidade do Sul do
Brasil. 2007. Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento
de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Tales Emílio Costa Amorim. Atividade física e ambiente: um estudo populacional.. 2007. Dissertação (Mestrado em
Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.
Juliano Peixoto Bastos. Padrões de atividade física e fatores associados em adolescentes da cidade de Pelotas, RS. 2006.
Dissertação (Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal
de Nível Superior. Coorientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.
Irineo Schuch Ortiz. Prevalênda de hérnia inguinal e fatores associados em adultos de Pelotas, RS. 2005. Dissertação
(Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Coorientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.
Denise Marques Mota. Prevalência de sintomas miccionais em crianças de 3 a 9 anos em Pelotas, RS. 2003. Dissertação
(Mestrado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível
Superior. Coorientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Tese de doutorado

1.

Andrea Ramirez Varela. Worldwide status of physical activity: The Global Observatory for Physical Activity. 2015. Tese
(Doutorado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Grégore Iven Mielke. Comportamento Sedentário: determinação social e influências sobre a saúde. 2013. Tese
(Doutorado em Doutorado) - Programa de Pós-Graduação em Epidemiologia-Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho
Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Shana Ginar da Silva. Atividade física na gestação e desfechos de saúde materno-infantil: Coorte de nasâmentos de
2015, Pelotas - RS. 2013. Tese (Doutorado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro
Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Grace Angelica de Oliveira Gomes. Atividade Física na Atenção Básica de Saúde do Brasil. 2011. Tese (Doutorado em
Doutorado em Ciências da Motricidade Humana) - Universidade Estadual Paulista, . Coorientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi
Hallal.

Inácio Crochemore Monhsan da Silva. Atividade física e ambiente físico em adolescentes da coorte de Pelotas (RS), 1993.
2011. Tese (Doutorado em Doutorado em Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de
Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Alan Goularte Knuth. Atividade Física de crianças em uma coorte de nascimentos. 2009. Tese (Doutorado em
Epidemiologia) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior.
Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Tales Emílio Costa Amorim. Mapeamento dos programas de promoção de atividade física no Rio Grande do Sul (2006-
2008). 2009. Tese (Doutorado em Doutorado) - Programa de Pós-Graduação em Epidemiologia-Universidade Federal de
Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

& Franklin Corrêa Barcelos. Eficácia de uma intervenção de exercício físico sobre a função renal de pacientes nos estágios
III e IV da doença renal crônica. 2009. Tese (Doutorado em Doutorado) - Programa de Pós-Graduação em Epidemiologia-
Universidade Federal de Pelotas, . Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

José Cazuza de Farias Júnior. Nível de atividade física e fatores de influência em adolescentes da cidade de Florianópolis,
SC. 2007. Tese (Doutorado em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina, Coordenação de
Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Coorientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Fernando Vinholes Siqueira. Atividade física em adultos e idosos residentes em áreas de abrangência de unidades básicas de
saúde no sul e nordeste do Brasil. 2007. Tese (Doutorado em Educacao Fisica) - Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina, .
Coorientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Su pervisão de pós-doutorado

>

Marcos Britto Corrêa. 2013. Programa de Pós-Graduação em Epidemiologia - UFPel, . Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Priscila Missaki Nakamura. Physical Activity throughout adolescence and HBAic concentration in early adulthood: birth cohort
study. 2013. Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Coordenação de Aperfeiçoamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior. Pedro
Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Monografia de conclusão de curso de aperfeiçoamento/ especialização

Renata Moraes Bielemann. Atividade física e minimização de gastos ao Sistema Único de Saúde. 2009. Monografia.
(Aperfeiçoamento/Especialização em Pesquisa em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Renata Brasil. Análise comparativa de hábitos alimentares de universitários conforme o curso de graduação.. 2008.
Monografia. (Aperfeiçoamento/Especialização em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Orientador: Pedro
Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Trabalho de conclusão de curso de graduacão
Rafaela Costa Martins. Estabilidade do nível de atividade física em adultos jovens ao longo de um ano. 2014. Trabalho de
Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Fundação de Amparo à Pesquisa
do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Fernanda Leal. A Educação Física pelo olhar de meninas do Ensino Médio: Um estudo de Grupos Focais. 2012. Trabalho de
Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de
Pelotas. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Fernanda Garcia Fontoura. Imagem corporal e participação de meninas em aulas de Educação Física no Ensino Médio. 2012.
Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade
Federal de Pelotas. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Júlia de Oliveira Islabão. Ginástica laboral, saúde e qualidade de vida de trabalhadores da indústria de Pelotas, RS. 2010.
Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Orientador: Pedro
Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Nélson Iahncke. Levantamento do histórico de atividade física em pacientes depressivos internados em clínicas na cidade de
Pelotas. 2010. Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.
Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Carolina de Vargas Nunes Coll. Percepção populacional referente à influência da mídia sobre o estilo de vida. 2009. Trabalho
de Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues
Curi Hallal.

Grégore Iven Mielke. Atividade física e fatores associados em universitários do primeiro ano da Universidade Federal de
Pelotas. 2009. Trabalho de Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.
Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Thiago Ramis. O tabagismo e o consumo de álcool em estudantes da Universidade Federal de Pelotas. 2009. Trabalho de
Conclusão de Curso. (Graduação em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi
Hallal.

Iniciação científica

1.

2.

Nicolas Gonçalves da Silva. .. 2015. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas.
Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Sérgio Renato da Rosa Decker. Avaliação de programas de atividade física no Brasil: os casos ?Curitibativa? e ?Academia da
Cidade?. 2014. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Medicina) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Fundação de Amparo à
Pesquisa do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Andressa Souza Cardoso. Coorte de nascimentos de Pelotas: a influência dos determinantes precoces nos desfechos em
saúde ao longo do ciclo vital. 2014. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Nutrição) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas,
Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Natan Feter. Avaliação de programas de Atividade Física no Brasil: os casos Curitibativa e Academia da Saúde. 2013.
Iniciação Científica - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico.
Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Indiára Alexandra Vilela da Silva. Prática de Atividade Física e Suporte Social em Adolescentes: Um Estudo de Base
Populacional. 2013. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho
Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Nicolas Gonçalves da Silva. Avaliação de programas de atividade física no Brasil: os casos ?Curitibativa? e ?Academia da
Cidade?. 2010. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional
de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Maurício Feijó da Cruz. Avaliação de programas de promoção da atividade física. 2010. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em
Educação Física) - Escola Superior de Educação Física - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de
Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Rafaela Costa Martins. Avaliação de programas de atividade física no Brasil: os casos ?CuritibaAtiva? e ? Academia da
Cidade?. 2010. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Fundação de
Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Bruno Pereira Nunes. Nível de atividade física e composição corporal em adolescentes acompanhados desde o nascimento:
Associações transversais e longitudinais. 2008. Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Enfermagem) - Universidade Federal de
Pelotas, Fundação de Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Micheli Ott Pires. Avaliação da efetividade dos programas de atividade física Curitibativa e Academia da Cidade. 2007.
Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de
Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Bruno Pereira Nunes. Avaliação da efetividade dos programas de atividade física Curitibativa e Academia da Cidade. 2007.
Iniciação Científica. (Graduando em Enfermagem) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Fundação de Amparo à Pesquisa do
Estado do Rio Grande do Sul. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Emanuele Alves de Souza. Avaliação de Programas de atividade física no Brasil: os Casos de. 2007. Iniciação Científica.
(Graduando em Educação Física) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e
Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Orientações de outra natureza

1.

Raquel Siqueira Barcelos. Avaliação de programas de promoção da atividade física no Brasil. 2010. Orientação de outra
natureza. (Ciências Biológicas) - Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e
Tecnológico. Orientador: Pedro Rodrigues Curi Hallal.

Educacão e Popularizacão de C&T
 

Apresentações de Trabalho
1. HALLAL, P. C.. Produção Científica em educação física. 2013. (Apresentação de Trabalho/Outra).

Página gerada pelo Sistema Currículo Lattes em 20/06/2021 às 14:29:05
Articles

 

Safety and efficacy of the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine
(AZD1222) against SARS-CoV-2: an interim analysis of
four randomised controlled trials in Brazil, South Africa,
and the UK

Merryn Voysey”, Sue Ann Costa Clemens*, Shabir A Madhi”, Lily Y Weck*, Pedro M Folegatti”, Parvinder K Aley, Brian Angus, Vicky L Baile,
Shaun L Barnabas, Qasim E Bhorat, Sagida Bibi, Carmen Briner, Paola Cicconi, Andrea M Collins, Rachel Colin-Jones, Clare L Cutfand,

Thomas C Darton, Keertan Dheda, Christopher A Duncan, Katherine R W Emary, Katie ) Ewer, Lee Fairli, Saul N Faust, Shuo Feng,

Daniela M Ferreira, Adam Finn, Anna L Goodman, Catherine M Green, Christopher A Green, Paul T Heath, Catherine Hill Helen Hi, lan Hirsch,
Susanne H CHodgson, Alane Izu, Susan Jackson, Daniel Jenkin, Carina C D Joe, Simon Kerridge, Anthonet Koen, Gaurav Kwatra, Rajeka Lazarus,
Alison M Lawrie, Alice Lelliott, Vincenzo Libri, Patricky Lille, Raburn Mallory, Ana V A Mendes, Eveline P Milan, Angela M Minassian,

Alastair McGregor, Hazel Morrison, Yama F Mujadidi, Anusha Nana, Peter O'Reilly, Sherman D Padayachee, Ana Pittella, Emma Plested,
Katrina M Pollock, Maheshi N Ramasamy, Sarah Rhead, Alexandre V Schwarzbold, Nisha Singh, Andrew Smith, Rinn Song, Matthew D Snape,
Eduardo Sprinz, Rebecca K Sutherland, Richard Tarrant, Emma C Thomson, M Estée Tórôk, Mark Toshner, David P JTurner, Johan Vekemans,
Tonya LVillafana, Marion E E Watson, Christopher) Williams, Alexander D Douglas*, Adrian V'S Hill, Teresa Lambe”, Sarah C Gilbert”,
Andrew] Pollard* on behalf of the Oxford COVID Vaccine Trial Groupt

Summary

Background A safe and efficacious vaccine against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), if
deployed with high coverage, could contribute to the control of the COVID-19 pandemic. We evaluated the safety and
efficacy of the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine in a pooled interim analysis of four trials.

Methods This analysis includes data from four ongoing blinded, randomised, controlled trials done across the UK,
Brazil, and South Africa. Participants aged 18 years and older were randomly assigned (1:1) to ChAdOx1 nCoV-19
vaccine or control (meningococcal group A, C, W, and Y conjugate vaccine or saline). Participants in the ChAdOx1
nCoV-19 group received two doses containing 5x 1010 viral particles (standard dose; SD/SD cohor?); a subset in the UK
trial received a half dose as their first dose (low dose) and a standard dose as their second dose (LD/SD cohort). The
primary efficacy analysis included symptomatic COVID-19 in seronegative participants with a nucleic acid
amplification test-positive swab more than 14 days after a second dose of vaccine. Participants were analysed according
to treatment received, with data cutoff on Nov 4, 2020. Vaccine efficacy was calculated as 1 relative risk derived from
a robust Poisson regression model adjusted for age. Studies are registered at ISRCTN89951424 and ClinicalTrials.gov,
NCT04324606, NCT04400838, and NCT04444674.

Findings Between April 23 and Nov 4, 2020, 23 848 participants were enrolled and 11 636 participants (7548 in the UK,
4088 in Brazil) were included in the interim primary efficacy analysis. In participants who received two standard
doses, vaccine efficacy was 621% (95% CI 41:0-75-7; 27 [0-6%] 0£4440 in the ChAdOxI nCoV-19 group vs 71 [16%]
of 4455 in the control group) and in participants who received a low dose followed by a standard dose, efficacy
was 90 -0% (67 -4-97-0; three [02%] 0£ 1367 vs 30 [2.-2%] 0f 1374; Piumuuos=0 -010). Overall vaccine efficacy across both
groups was 70-4% (95-8% CI 54.8-80-6; 30 [0-5%] of 5807 vs 101 [1.79%] of 5829). From 21 days after the first dose,
there were ten cases hospitalised for COVID-19, all in the control arm; two were classified as severe COVID-19,
including one death. There were 74341 person-months of safety follow-up (median 3-4 months, IQR 1-3-4.8):
175 severe adverse events occurred in 168 participants, 84 events in the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 group and 91 in the control
group. Three events were classified as possibly related to a vaccine: one in the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 group, one in the
control group, and one in a participant who remains masked to group allocation.

Interpretation ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 has an acceptable safety profile and has been found to be efficacious against
symptomatic COVID-19 in this interim analysis of ongoing clinical trials.

Funding UK Research and Innovation, National Institutes for Health Research (NIHR), Coalition for Epidemic
Preparedness Innovations, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Lemann Foundation, Rede D'Or, Brava and Telles
Foundation, NIHR Oxford Biomedical Research Centre, Thames Valley and South Midland's NIHR Clinical Research
Network, and AstraZeneca.

Copyright € 2020 The Author(9). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This isan Open Access article under the CC BY 4.0 license.

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 January 9, 2021

2010

Lancet 2021;397:99-111

Published Online
December 8, 2020.
httpsyfdoiorg/10:1016/
50140-6736(20)32661-1
Thisonline publication has been
corrected, The corrected version
firstappeared at thelancet.com
onjanuary7,2021

See Comment page 72
*Contributed equally

tMembersare litedin
appendixa (pp 21-44)

Oxford Vaccine Group,
Department of Paediatrics,
University of Oxford, Oxford,
UK (MVoysey DPhil PK Aley PhD,
SBibiPhD, R Colin-Jones MSc,
KRW Emary BMBCh, S Feng PhD,
SKerridge MSc, A Leliott BMBS,
YF MujadidiMSe,

PJ OReilly MBCHBAO, E Plested,
MN Ramasamy DPhil,

S Rhead MBChB, NSingh DPhil,
RSong MD, MD Snape MD,

AJ Polard FMedSci); Jenner
Institute, Nuffield Department
of Medicine, Universityof
Oxford, UK (P M Folegatti MD,

B Angus MD, P Cicconi PhD,

KJ Emer PhD,

SHC Hodgson DPhil,

SJackson MRCP, DJenkin MRCP,
CCD Joe PhD, AM lawrie PhD,
AM Minassian DPhil,

H Morrison MRCP,

ME EWatson PhD,

AD Douglas DPhil,

AV'S HilFMedSci, T Lambe PhD,
SCGilbert PhD); Institute of
Global Health, University of
Siena, Siena, Brazil;

(SA CClemens PhD);

99
Articles

 

Department of Paediatrics.
(SA CClemens) and
BioManufacturing Facility

(CM Green PhD, RTarrant PhD),
University of Oxford, Oxford,
UK; MRCVaccines and
Infectious Diseases Analytics.
Research Unit, Johannesburg,
South Africa(SA Madhi PhD);
Department of Pediatrics,
Universidade Federal de

São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil
(LY Weckx PhD); Respiratory
and Meningeal Pathogens
Research Unit, University of the
Witwatersrand, Johannesburg,
South Africa(V BailiePhD,
CLCutland PhD); Family Centre
for Research with Ubuntu,
Department of Paediatrics,
Universityof Stellenbosch,
Cape Town, Southafrica

(SL Barnabas PhD); Soweto
Clinical Trials Centre, Soweto,
South Africa (Q E Bhorat MSc);
Perinatal HIV Research Unit
(CBriner MBBCh,

A Nana MPharm) and Wits
Reproductive Health and HIV
Institute (L Faíie FCPaeds,
CHILBSe, G KwatraPhD),
Faculty of Health Sciences,
University of the
Witwatersrand, Johannesburg,
South Africa; Department of
Clinical Sciences, Liverpool
School of Tropical Medicineand
LiverpoolUniversity Hospitals
NHS Foundation Trust,
Liverpool, UK (AM CollinsPhD,
DM Ferreira PhD, HHiIPhD);
Department of infection,
Immunity and Cardiovascular
Disease, University of Sheffield,
Sheffield, UK (T CDarton DPhil);
Departmentof Infectionand
Tropical Medicine, Sheffield
Teaching Hospitals NHS
Foundation Trust, Sheffield, UK
(TCDarton); Division of
Pulmonology, Groote Schuur
Hospitalandthe University of
Cape Town, Southafrica
(KDheda FRCPCH); Faculty of
Infectiousand Tropical
Diseases, Department of
Immunology and Infection,
London School of Hygienea.
Tropical Medicine, London, UK
(K Dheda); Department of
Infectionand Tropical
Medicine, Newcastle upon Tyne
Hospitals NHS Foundation
Trust, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK
(CJ A Duncan DPhil);
Translationaland Clinical
Research Institute, Immunity
andinflammationTheme,
Newcastle University,
NewcastleuponTyne, UK

(CJ A Duncan); NIHR

 

Research in context

Evidence before this study
We searched PubMed for research articles published from
database inception until Nov 23, 2020, with no language
restrictions, using the terms “SARS-CoV-2", “vaccine”, “clinical
trial”, and “efficacy”. There were no peer-reviewed publications
availableon efficacy of any severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) vaccines in development and,
atthe time of the search, there were no licensed vaccines
against SARS-CoV-2. Three vaccine developers recently
reported initial efficacy results from phase 3 trials in the media
(Pfizer/BioNTech, Moderna, and the Gamaleya National
Research Center). Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna, both
developing mRNA vaccines, have reported initial efficacy
results 095% in their primary analysis (Pfizer/BioNTech) and
94-5% in an interim analysis (Moderna). We have previously
published safety and immunogenicity results of Chadox1
nCoV-19 (AZD1222) for different age groups in phase 1/2 and
243trials.

Introduction

As the COVID-19 pandemic, caused by severe acute
respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2),
continues to unfold, there has been widespread impact
on health, including substantial mortality among older
adults and those with pre-existing health conditions, >
and repercussions for the global economy, caused by
physical distancing measures, with the greatest conse-
quences for the most vulnerable in society.

Despite global spread of the virus, a large proportion
of the population in many countries is thought to have
thus far escaped infection and remains non-immune to
SARS-CoV.2.º Vaccines could play an important role in
increasing population immunity, preventing severe
disease, and reducing the ongoing health crisis. In
response, rapid global efforts to develop and test vaccines
against SARS-CoV-2 have led to an unprecedented
number of candidate vaccines starting clinical trials
during 2020. Currently, 48 vaccines are under clinical
evaluation. Several of these have shown good safety and
immunogenicity, and 11 of these are currently being
evaluated in phase 3 clinical efficacy studies.

The ChAdOxi nCoV-19 vaccine (AZD1222) was
developed at Oxford University and consists of a
replication-deficient  chimpanzee adenoviral vector
ChAdOx1, containing the SARS-CoV-2 structural surface
glycoprotein antigen (spike protein; nCoV-19) gene.

Following initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial in the UK
(COVO01) on April 23, 2020, three further randomised
controlled trials of the candidate vaccine were initiated
across the UK (COVO02), Brazil (COVO03), and South
Africa (COV005). A further phase 1/2 trial has recently
been initiated in Kenya and is not reported here. The
immunogenicity results from the phase 1/2 UK study,
COVOOL, in 1077 healthy adults aged 18-55 years, and a

Added value of this study

We reporton the first clinical efficacy results of ChAdOx1
nCoV-19 ina pooled analysis of phase 2/3 trials in the UK and
Brazil, and safety data from more than 20 000 participants
enrolled across four dinicaltrials in the UK, Brazil, and

South Africa. ChAdOxd nCoV-19 has an acceptable safety
profile and is efficacious against symptomatic COVID-19,
with no hospital admissions orsevere cases reported in the
ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 arm. The vaccine can be stored and
distributed at 2-8ºC, making it particularly suitable for global
distribution.

Implications of all the available evidence

The development of safe, effective, affordable, and deployable
vaccines against COVID-19 remains paramount in solving the
pandemic crisis and re-establishing normality. The positive
results presented here support regulatory submissions for
conditional or emergency use of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19.

phase 2 cohort in COVOOZ in older adults (=56 years)
have been published and show an acceptable safety profile
for the vaccine with induction of binding and neutralising
antibodies as well as generation of interferon-y enzyme-
linked immunospot responses, with higher antibody titres
after a second dose of vaccine”

The phase 1 study (COVO01) included an efficacy cohort
and the phase 2 and 3 studies (COV002, COVO03, and
COV005) expanded enrolment to a wider population of
participants with higher likelihood of exposure to the
virus, such as health-care workers. Exclusion criteria were
reduced for phase 3 trials, so that older adults and
individuals with a range of comorbidities were also
enrolled.

All studies have completed enrolment of their
respective efficacy cohorts and are in the follow-up phase.
Paediatric studies have not yet been initiated.

Here, we present the combined interim analysis of
efficacy and safety from randomised controlled trials of
ChAdOx1 nCoV-19.

Methods

Overview

This interim analysis of the efficacy and safety of
the ChAdOxi nCoV-19 vaccine includes data from
four ongoing blinded, randomised, controlled trials done
across three countries: COVOOI (phase 1/2; UK), COV002
(phase 2/3; UK), COV003 (phase 3; Brazil), and COV005
(phase 1/2; South Africa). The interim efficacy is
being assessed by a prespecified global pooled analysis
combining data from COV002 and COV003. The safety of
the vaccine is being assessed using data from all
four studies (appendix 1 pp 3-4). Three of the studies
are single blind and one is double blind (COVO05).
Primary efficacy was assessed in participants who received

wrwwthelancet com Vol397 January 9, 2021
Articles

 

two doses of the vaccine. All four studies included
participants who received two doses, with a booster dose
incorporated into the three trials that were initially
designed to assess a single-dose of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19
compared with control (COV001, COV002, and COVO003)
afier review of the antibody response data from COVOO1.

Despite minor differences across the studies, there is
sufficient consistency to justify the proposal for pooled
analysis of data, which will provide greater precision
for both efficacy and safety outcomes than can be
achieved in individual studies and provides a broader
understanding of the use of the vaccine in different
populations. Once the studies were underway, a statistical
analysis plan for the global pooled analysis of these
studies was developed before data lock on Nov 4, 2020,
and analysis, and was finalised with extensive feedback
from national and international regulators (including
the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory
Agency [UK] and the European Medicines Agency [EU)),
including justification for including groups receiving
different vaccine doses in the analysis (see statistical
analysis plan for further details; appendix 2 pp 2-73). AIL
participants in the four trials provided written informed
consent.

Details of amendments to the four trial protocols and
the statistical analysis plan are included in appendix 2
(pp 9, 178-182, 327-335, 438-441, 548-550).

Study design and participants
COVOO1 (UK)

COVOOI is a continuing single-blind phase 1/2 clinical
trial in five sites in the UK, which began on April 23, 2020,
and enrolled 1077 healthy volunteers aged 18-55 years, as
previously described.: Briefly, healthy adult participants
were enrolled after screening to exclude those with
pre-existing health conditions. Participants were ran-
domly assigned 1:1 to receive ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 at a dose
of 5x 1010 viral particles (standard dose), measured using
spectrophotometry, or meningococcal group A, C, W,
and Y conjugate vaccine (MenACWY) as control. An
open-label non-randomised subgroup of ten participants
were given two doses of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 28 days apart,
as previously reported. This study was originally planned
as a single-dose study and 88 participants in the phase 1
part of the study remain recipients of a single dose.
However, the protocol was modified to a two-dose regime,
following an amendment on July 30, 2020 (version 9.0;
appendix 2 pp 180-181), for the remaining phase 2
cohorts as a result of robust booster responses identified
in the evaluation of the early immunogenicity cohorts,
with the booster dose given at the earliest possible time.”

COVOO? (UK)
COVOO2 is a continuing single-blind phase 2/3 study
in the UK that began on May 28, 2020, and enrolled
participants in 19 study sites in England, Wales, and
Scotland. Enrolment particularly targeted individuals

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 January 9, 2021

working in professions with high possible exposure to
SARS-CoV-2, such as health and social care settings.

Two dosage groups were included in COVOOZ:
participants who received a low dose of the vaccine
(2:2x1010 viral particles) as their first dose and were
boosted with a standard dose (in the LD/SD group),
and subsequent cohorts who were vaccinated with
two standard-dose vaccines (SD/SD group). Initial dosing
in COV002 was with a batch manufactured at a contract
manufacturing organisation using chromatographic
purification. During quality control of this second batch,
differences were observed between the quantification
methods (spectrophotometry and quantitative PCR
[gPCR) prioritised by different manufacturing sites. In
consultation with the national regulator (Medicines and
Healthcare products Regulatory Agency), we selected
a dose of 5x1010 viral particles by spectrophotometer
(2:2x1010 viral particles by qPCR), in order to be
consistent with the use of spectrophotometry in the
phase 1 study (COV001), and to ensure the dose was
within a safe and immunogenic range according to
measurements by both methods. A lower-than-antici-
pated reactogenicity profile was noted in the trial, and
unexpected interference of an excipient with the spec-
trophotometry assay was identified. After review and
approval by the regulator, it was concluded that the
qPCR (low-dose) reading was more accurate and further
doses were adjusted to the standard dose (5x 1019 viral
particles) using a qPCR assay. The protocol was amended
on June 5, 2020, resulting in enrolment of two distinct
groups with different dosing regimens with no pause
in enrolment (version 6.0; appendix 2 p 330). A suite of
assays has now been developed for characterisation of
concentration (which confirmed the low and standard
dosing), and future batches are all released with a
specification dose of 3-5-6-5x1010 viral particles, and
this was used for the booster doses in the efficacy analysis
presented here.

The LD/SD cohort (aged 18-55 years) was enrolled
over 11 days between May 31 and June 10, 2020. The
SD/SD cohort (aged 18-55 years) was enrolled from
June 9 to July 20, 2020. Subsequently, enrolment of older
age cohorts began (from Aug 8, 2020, for participants
aged 56-69 years and from Aug 13, 2020, for partici-
pants aged =70 years), all of whom were assigned to
two standard doses (SD/SD cohort). Each site imple-
mented the protocol amendment before changing
from low-dose administration to standard-dose admin-
istration, and therefore there was no overlap in enrolment
of participants in these cohorts.

The 18-55-year.old cohorts were originally planned as
single-dose efficacy cohorts. However, the protocol was
modified on July 20, 2020, to offer a second dose to
the participants in these cohorts as a result of robust
booster responses identified in the evaluation of the
early immunogenicity cohorts (version 9.0; appendix 2
pp 331-332): Boosting began on Aug 3, 2020, resulting

Southampton Clinical Research
Facility and Biomedical
ResearchCentre, University
Hospital Southampton NHS.
Foundation Trust,
Southampton, UK

(SN Faust PhD); Faculty of
Medicine and Institute for Life
Sciences, University of
Southampton, Southampton,
UK(SN Faust; School of
Population Health Sciences,
University of Bristol and
University Hospitals Bristol
and Weston NHS Foundation
Trust, Bristol, UK (A Finn PhD);
Departmentof Infection,
Guy'sandSt Thomas NHS
Foundation Trust, StThomas'
Hospital, London, UK

(A LGoodiman FRCP);

MRC Clinical Trials Unit,
University College London,
London, UK (A LGoodman);

 

 

 

Foundation Trust, Birmingham,
UK (CA Green DPhi;StGeorge's
Vaccine Institute, St Georgeis,
Universityof London, London,
UK (PT Heath FRCPCH);
AstraZeneca
BioPharmaceuticals,
Cambridge, UK (| Hirsch PhD,
RMallony MOD, ) Vekemans MD,
TLVilafana PhD); VIDA
Vaccines and Infectious.
iscases Analytical Research
Unit, Johannesburg,
Southafrica (Alzu PhD,
AKoen MBChB); Severn
Pathology, North BristoINHS
Trust, Bristol, UK
(R Lazarus DPhil); NIHR UCLH
Clinical Research Facility and
NIHRUCLH Biomedical
ResearchCentre, London, UK
(V Libri MD FRCP); Department
ofInfection, Hull University
Teaching HospitalsNHS Trust,
UK (PJLille PhD); Escola
Bahianade Medicina eSaúde
Salvador, Braziland
Hospital São Rafael, Salvador,
Brazil (AV A Mendes MD);
Instituto D'Or, Salvador, Brazil
(AV A Mendes); Department of
Infectious Diseases,
Universidade Federaldo
io Grande do Norte, Natal,
Brazil (E P Milan MD); London
Northwest University
Healthcare, Harrow, UK
(AC McGregor FRCPath);
Setshaba Research Centre,
Pretoria, South Africa
(SD Payadachee MBChB);
Departmentof Internal

e, Hospital Qui:
io de Janeiro, Brazil

 

  

  

  

   

 

101
Articles

 

(APittella MD); Instituto D'Or
de Pesquisa e Ensino (IDOR),
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (A Pittela);
Department of Internal

Medicine, Universidade
UNIGRANRIO, Rio de Janeiro,
Brazil (A Pittella MD); NIHR
Imperial Clinical Research

Facility and NIHR Imperial
Biomedical Research Centre,
London, UK (K M Pollock PhD);
Clinical Research Unit,
Department ofClinical
Medicine, Universidade Federal
de Santa Maria, Santa Maria,
Brazil (AV Schwarzbold PhD);
Collegeof Medical, Veterinary
Life Sciences, Glasgow Dental
Hospital & School, University of
Glasgow, Glasgow, UK

(A Smith FRCPath); Division of
Infectious Diseases, Boston
Children's Hospital, Boston,
MA, USA (RSong); Infectious.
Diseases Service, Hospital de
Clinicasde Porto Alegre,
Universidade Federal do
RioGrande doSul,

Porto Alegre, Brazil

(ESprinz MD); Clinical Infection.
ResearchGroup, Regional
Infectious Diseases Unit,
Westem General Hospital,
Edinburgh, UK

(R K Sutherland FRCP);
MRC-University of Glasgow
Centre for Virus Rescarcha.
Department of Infectious.
Diseases, Queen Elizabeth
University Hospital, Glasgow,
UK(ECThomson FRCP PhD);
Department of Medicine,
Universityof Cambridge, UK
(M ETórók FRCP); Cambridge
University Hospitals NHS
Foundation Trust, Cambridge,
UK (M ETórók); Heart Lung
Research Institute, Department
of Medicine, University of
Cambridge and Royal
Papworth HospitalNHS
Foundation Trust, Cambridge,
UK (MToshner MD); University
of Nottingham and
Nottingham University
Hospitals NHS Trust, UK

(D PJTurner PhD); Public Health
Wales, Cardiff, Wales
(CJWiliams FFPH); Aneurin
Bevan University Health Board,
Newport; UK (CJ Wiliams)

 

Correspondenceto:
Prof Andrew) Pollard,
Department of Paediatris,
University of Oxford,

Oxford, 0x3 90U, UK.
andrewpollardQpaediatrics.
oxacuk

See Online for appendix1

See Online forappendix 2

102

in a longer gap between prime and booster vaccines in
these cohorts than for those aged 55-69 years and those
aged 70 years or older, as these participants were enrolled
into two-dose groups from the start.

Results for participants enrolled into immunogenicity
subgroups have been previously published, including a
small subset who received a low-dose boost.º Full details
are available in the study protocol (appendix 2 pp 184-342)
and the procedures have been previously described.

Covoo3 (Brazil)

COVOO3 is a continuing single-blind phase 3 study in
Brazil that began on June 23, 2020. The focus of recruit-
ment was targeted at those at high risk of exposure to the
virus, including health-care workers at six sites across
Brazil. Participants were aged 18 years or older, and this
trial included individuals with stable pre-existing health
conditions. AIl participants were offered two doses of
the vaccine at a dose of 3-5-6-5x1010 viral particles with
administration up to 12 weeks apart (target 4 weeks),
following a protocol amendment on July 28, 2020, to
include booster groups (version 40; appendix 2
pp 438-439). Full details are available in the study
protocol (appendix 2 pp 343-441).

COVOOS (South Africa)
COVOOS is a continuing double-blind phase 1/2 study in
South Africa in healthy adults aged 18-65 years living
without HIV that began on June 28, 2020. An additional
immunogenicity cohort of those living with HIV was also
enrolled but are not included in this interim analysis.
AI participants were offered two doses of the vaccine at
a dose of 3.5-6-5x 1010 viral particles, with doses admin-
istered 4 weeks apart. A small subgroup of 44 participants
received a halfidose vaccine (21 as their first dose and
23 as their second dose) as a result of variability in the
release assay, before the adoption of new methods for
characterisation of concentration. Adjustment in dose
was discussed with and approved by the national
regulator. Full details are available in the study protocol
(appendix 2 pp 442-559).

A combined independent data safety monitoring board
reviews safety data from all four trials on a regular basis.

Randomisation and masking
In efficacy cohorts for all studies, participants were
randomised 1:1 to receive ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 or a control
product. In COV002, MenACWY was chosen as the
control group vaccine to minimise the chance of acci-
dental participant unmasking due to local or systemic
reactions to the vaccine. COV003 used MenACWY as the
control for the first dose and saline for the second dose. In
Covo0s, participants randomly assigned to the control
group were administered saline solution. Randomisation
lists were prepared by the study statistician (MV) using
block randomisation, stratified by study site and study
group, and uploaded into to the secure web platform

used for the study electronic case report form (REDCap
version 9.5.22) for COV001, COV002, and COVO003. In
COV005, the randomisation list was held by the unmasked
study pharmacist who prepared the vaccines for admin-
istration, with all other trial staff masked to group
allocation. The trial staff administering the vaccine pre-
pared vaccines out of sight of the participants and syringes
were covered with an opaque material until ready for
administration to ensure masking of participants.

Procedures

The recombinant adenovirus for ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 was
manufactured and vialed by Advent (Pomezia, Italy), and
additional batches produced by COBRA Biologics (Keele,
UK) and vialed by Symbiosis (Sterling, UK). Both were
manufactured according to Good Manufacturing Practice
and approved by the regulatory agency in the UK, the
Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency.

Baseline assessments included review of inclusion
and exclusion criteria, medical history, vital signs mea-
surement, history-directed clinical examination, and
collection of serum for SARS-CoV-2 serology.

Participants across all four trials were asked to contact
the study site if they experienced specific symptoms
associated with COVID-I9 and received regular
reminders to do so. Those who met symptomatic criteria
had a clinical assessment, a swab taken for a nucleic acid
amplification test (NAAT), and blood samples taken for
safety and immunogenicity. In the UK and Brazil, the
list of qualifying symptoms for swabbing included any
one of the following: fever of at least 37-8ºC, cough,
shortness of breath, and anosmia or ageusia. In South
Africa, the list of qualifying symptoms for swabbing was
broader, and additionally included myalgia, chills, sore
throat, headache, nasal congestion, diarrhoea, runny
nose, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, and loss of appetite.

In all studies, if participants were tested outside of the
trial, either in their workplace if a health-care worker or
by private providers, these results were recorded and
assessed by a masked independent endpoint review
committee. The source of each swab was recorded plus
the details of the test kit where available.

To test for asymptomatic infections, participants in
COVO02 in the UK were asked to provide a weekly self.
administered nose and throat swab for NAAT testing
from 1 week after first vaccination using kits provided by
the UK Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC).
Participants were given home test kits provided by the
DHSC that included step-by-step instructions on how
to do a self-swab and a link to a demonstration video.
The site trial team provided support with logistics of
packaging and returning test kits and tracking swab
results to participants if required. Swabs were taken by
participants in their homes and posted to dedicated
DHSC testing laboratories for processing. Participants
were directly informed of their results by text or email
from the National Health Service (NHS). Swab results

wrwwthelancet com Vol397 January 9, 2021
Articles

 

from participants in England and Wales were provided to
the trial statistician on a daily basis by the NHS and
matched to individuals based on personal identification
data (name, date of birth, NHS number, and postcode).
Swab results from participants in Scotland were
unavailable to the study team at the time of the data
cutoff for this analysis, but will be included in future
analyses. Any swab results that were not able to be
matched to a study participant using at least two pieces of
personal data were not added to the study database.

In Brazil, there was no testing plan for asymptomatic
infections. In South Africa, asymptomatic infections
were detected from swabs obtained at study visits
attended, but are not summarised here as there were
only a small number of timepoints for detection of these
cases.

All cases of COVID-19 were reviewed by two members
of a masked independent clinical review team who
assessed clinical details, including medical history,
symptoms, adverse events, and swab results, and
assigned severity scores according to the WHO clinical
progression scale.*

For symptomatic participants in COVO02 in the UK,
weekly swabbing continued both before and after
participants reported symptoms to the study site. Thus, a
participant who reported symptoms and was clinically
assessed might also have had additional swabs return
positive results through the asymptomatic testing process
for several weeks. In addition, due to the large number of
health-care workers enrolled in these studies, some
participants were tested according to their workplace
testing policies and these results were also entered into
the database for review by the masked endpoint evaluation
committee. Further exploratory assessment of the length
of time participants remained NAAT:positive, and the
sources of information used for case detection will be
done in future analyses.

Outcomes

The primary objective was to evaluate the efficacy of
ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine against NAAT-confirmed
COVID-19. The primary outcome was virologically
confirmed, symptomatic COVID-19, defined as a NAAT-
positive swab combined with at least one qualifying
symptom (fever =37.8ºC, cough, shortness of breath, or
anosmia or ageusia).

All participants were given an emergency 24-h telephone
number to contact the on-call study physician for the
duration of the study to report any ilhesses. Serious
adverse events were recorded throughout the study and
reviewed at each study visit, with causality assigned by the
site investigator. Events were clinically coded according to
the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities.

Statistical analysis

The plan for assessing efficacy and safety for the ChadOx1
nCoV-19 vaccine is based on global analyses using all

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 January 9, 2021

available data from four studies with analysis pooled
across the studies. A global statistical analysis plan for
pooling study data was developed, after extensive advice
from regulators, to prespecify the analyses that would
contribute to the assessment of efficacy and this was
signed off before any data analysis was conducted.

Randomised participants who received at least one
dose in all studies are included in the safety analysis.
However, each study had to meet prespecified criteria of
having at least five cases eligible for inclusion in the
primary outcome before a study was included in efficacy
analyses. Neither COV001 or COV005 met these criteria
and so are not included in the efficacy assessment for
this interim analysis. It is expected that they will be
included in efficacy assessments in future analyses
once more cases have accrued. Additionally, only efficacy
groups for COVOO2 (ie, groups 4, 6, 9, and 10) were
included.

Vaccine efficacy was calculated as 1- adjusted relative
risk (ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vs control groups) computed
using a Poisson regression model with robust variance*
The model contained terms for study, treatment group,
and age group (18-55, 56-69, and =70 years) at ran-
domisation. A reduced model that did not contain a term
for age was used for models affected by convergence
issues due to having few cases in the older age groups.
The logarithm of the period at risk for the primary
endpoint for pooled analysis was used as an offset
variable in the model to adjust for volunteers having
different follow-up times during which the events
occurred. Cumulative incidence is presented using the
Kaplan-Meier method.

The global pooled analysis plan allowed for an interim
and a final efficacy analysis with a adjusted between
the two analyses using a flexible gamma o-spending
function, with significance being declared if the lower
bound of the (1-0)% CI is greater than 20%. Evidence
of efficacy at the time of the interim analysis was not
considered reason to stop the trials and all trials are
continuing to accrue further data that will be included in
future analyses.

The first interim analysis was planned to be triggered
when at least 53 cases in participants who had received
two standard-dose vaccines (SD/SD) had accrued that
met the primary outcome definition more than 14 days
after the second dose. This analysis provides 77% power
for the 20% threshold to assume a true vaccine efficacy
of 70%. Although the number of cases in the SD/SD
cohort was used as the trigger for the interim analysis,
the prespecified primary analysis included both SD/SD
and LD/SD recipients. Due to the rapid increase in
incidence of COVID-19 in the UK in October, more than
53 cases had accrued by the time of data lock for this
interim analysis. There were 98 cases available for
inclusion in the SD/SD cohorts. Based on these numbers,
the level calculated using the gamma o-spending
function for this analysis is 4.16%.

103
Articles

 

Participants were excluded from the primary efficacy
analysis if they were seropositive at baseline or had no
baseline result. Other exclusions included those with
NAATpositive swabs within 14 days after the second
vaccination, or those who discontinued from the study
before having met the primary efficacy endpoint with a
follow-up time of less than 15 days after the second
vaccination. All reasons for exclusion are shown in
appendix1 (pp 5-8).

An analysis of efficacy after the first standard-dose
vaccine in those who only received standard-dose vaccines
was undertaken as a secondary analysis. Individuals were
excluded if they had a NAAT-positive swab within 21 days
after their first standard-dose vaccine.

Participants were analysed according to the vaccines
they received. Sensitivity analyses included those who
were seropositive at baseline and an intention-to-treat
analysis. Safety analyses include all randomised partici-
pants who received at least one dose of any vaccine in any
study.

Prespecified subgroup analyses are not included in this
report but will be presented in future analyses when
a larger dataset is available. However, in response to
reviewer and editorial comments, a small number of
exploratory subgroup comparisons has been included to
explore differences in efficacy in the LD/SD and SD/SD

groups and potential confounder variables. The LD/SD
cohortin the UK comprised participants aged 18-55 years
who received their second dose after a substantial gap.
Age and the time difference between vaccines were
therefore potential confounders and were explored
further in subgroup analyses, restricted to those aged
18-55 years, those with more than 8 weeks” interval
between vaccine doses, and a comparison of those in the
SD/SD cohort receiving vaccines at short (<6 weeks)
or long (6 weeks) intervals. Subgroup comparisons
were done by incorporating the treatment-by-subgroup
interaction term in the model and reporting the p value
for the interaction term.

Data analysis was done using R (version 3.6.1 or later).
Robust Poisson models were fitted using the PROC
GENMOD function in SAS (version 9.4). The a level for
the analysis was calculated using the gsDesign function
in R. The cutoff date for inclusion in the analysis was
Nov 4, 2020, and the data lock date was Nov 21, 2020.

The four trials are registered at ISRCTN89951424
(COV003) and ClinicalTrials.gov, NCTO4324606 (COV001),
NCT04400838 (COV002), and NCT04444674 (COV005).

Role ofthe funding source
AstraZeneca reviewed the data from the study and the final
manuscript before submission, but the academic authors

 

COVOO? (UK; LD/SD; N=2741)

COVOO2 (UK; SD/SD; N=4807)

COV003 (Brazil: all SD/SD; N=4088)

 

 

Chadora nCov-19 MenaCWY ChadOx nCov-19 MenACWY Chadox nCov-19 MenACWY plus aline
(n=1367) (n=1374) (n=2377) (n=2430) (n=2063) (n=2025)
Age, years
18555 1367 (100.0%) 1374 (100.04) 1879(79:0%) 1922(794%) 1843 (893%) 1833 (90.5%)
56-69 o o 285(12:0%) 293 (124%) 209 (101%) 187 (9:24)
=70 o o 213(9.0%) 215(8:8%) 1 (05%) 5(02%)
Sex
Female 886 (648%) 927 (675%) 1378 (580%) 1437 (591%) 1261 (611%) 1156 (571%)
Male 481(352%4) 447 (325%) 999 (42:0%) 993 (409%) 802 (38.9%) 869 (429%)
BM, kgjmê 252(228-287) 253(227-28.8) 254(229-287) 255 (229294) 256 (228294) 256 (231290)
Ethnicity
white 1257 (920%) 1278 (930%) 2153 (90.6%) maça E) 1357 (658%) 1366 (675%)
Black 6 (04%) 2(01%) 17(07%) 14(0.6%) 230 (111%) 210 (10.4%)
Asian 76 (56%) 59 (43%) 137(58%) 138(57%) 54 (2:6%) 53 (26%)
Mixed 19 (14%) 22 (16%) 48 (20%) 42(176) 410 (19.99) 386 (194%)
Other 9 (07%) 12 (09%) 22(0:9%) 22(0:9%) 12 (0.6%) 10 (05%)
Health and social care 1236 (904%) 1253 (912%) 1441 (60-6%) 1513(623%) 1833 (88.9%) 1775 (877%)
setting workers
Comorbidities
Cardiovasculardisease 104(7:6%) 92 (674) 264(111%) 266 (109%) 211 (134%) 244 (120%)
Respiratory disease 158 (116%) 176 (128%) 285(12:0%) 316 (13,0%) 215 (10.4%) 210 (10.4%)
Diabetes 18 (13%) as (11%) 58 (24%) 60(25%4) 59 (29%) 60 (30%)

Dataare n (%) or median (IQR). The primary efficacy population (LD/SD and SD/SD) includes randomly assigned participants who were seronegative at baseline and received LD/SD or SDJSDorwere inthe
corresponding control group, and remained on study more than 14 days after their second dose without having had a previous virologically confirmed severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection
Inaddition, for groups in COVOO2, only efficacy groups (ie, groups 4, 6,9, and 10)are included. LD/SDelow-dose prime plus standard-dose boost.SD/SD=two standard-dose vaccines given

MenACWY=meningococcal group À, CW, andY conjugate vaccine. BMI=body-mass index.

 

Table1: Baseline characteristics of pa

 

ipants included in the primary efficacy population, by study and dosing strategy

 

 

104 wrwwthelancet com Vol397 January 9, 2021
Articles

 

 

 

 

 

Total ChadOxi nCoV-19 Control Vaccine efficacy (CI!)
number
ofcases
n/N(%) Incidence rate per n/N(%) Incidence rate per
1000 person-years 1000 person-years
(person-days of (person-days of
follow-up) follow-up)
AIILD/SD and SDSD 131 30/5807 (05%) 441248299) — 1015829(17%)  1492(247228) 704% (548t080.6)t
recipients
Covo (UK) 86 18/3744 (05%) 38.6 (170369) 68/3804 (18%) 1457(170448)  73:5%(555to 842)
LD/SD recipients 3 3/1367 (02%) 14.9 (73313) 30/1374 (22%) 1502(72949) 900% (674t097.0)5
SDYSD recipients. s 15/2377 (06%) 564 (97056) 38/2430(16%)  1424(9/499) — 603%(280t0782)
covoo3 (BrazikallSD/SD) 45 12/2063 (06%) 562(77930) 33/2025 (1.64)  1570(16780) | 642%(307to 815)
AI SDISD recipients 98 27/4440(06%) — 564(174986) TU4ASS (16%)  148:8(174279) | 621% (410t0757)
Other non-primary 18 7/5807 (01%) 103 (248299) 11/5829(02%)  163(247228) 364% (-638t0753)t
symptomatic COVID-19
diseaseq
Any symptomaticCOVID-19 149 37/5807 (06%) | 544(248299)  112/5829(19%)  1655(247228)  671%(523t0773)
disease
Asymptomatic or symptoms 69 29/3288(09%) — 698(151673) 40/3350(1:2%) — 960(152138)  273%(-172t0549)
unknown (COV002)
LD/SD recipients 4 7/1120 (0-6%) 414 (61782) 1/27 (15%) 1006(61730) 589%(L0t0 829
SD/SD recipients 45 2as8(10%) — 894(89891) 23/223(10%) — 92:9(90408) 38% (72410463)
AnyNAATpositiveswab 221 68/5807 (12%) — 1000(248299)  153/5829(26%) 2260(247228)  557%(4L1t0667)
Vaceine efficacy was calculated from the robust Poisson model, The primary eficacy population (LD/SD and SD/SD) includes randomly assigned participants who were
seronegative at baseline and received LD/SD orSD/SD or were ina corresponding control group, and remained onstudy more than 24 days after their second dose without
having had a previous virologically confirmed SARS-CoV- infection. Inaddition, for groups in COVOO2, on efficacy groups (e, groups 4, 6, 9,and 10) are included.
SARS-COV-2=severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. LD/SD=low-dose prime plus standard-dose boost. SD/SD-=two standard dose vaccines given. NAAT=nucleicacid
amplification test. “Clsare 95% unless indicated otherwise. 195.89 Cl used for primary analysis. 3Vaccine efficacy cakeulated from a reduced robust Poisson mode that was not
adjusted for age Allother models included an adjustment for age. Sp value for interaction term comparing LD/SD with SD/SD is p=0.010. 4Other non: primary symptomatic
COVIDA1S disease includes cases who have symptoms other than the five main symptoms that are required for inclusion inthe primary analysis (eg a participant who has.
diarrhoea and malaise but no fever, cough, shortness of breath, anosmia, or ageusia).
Table 2: Efficacy against SARS-CoV-2 more than 14 days after a second dose of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine in the primary efficacy population

 

 

retained editorial control. All other funders of the study
had no role in the study design, data collection, data
analysis, data interpretation, or writing of the report.
All authors had full access to all the data in the study and
had final responsibility for the decision to submit for
publication.

Results
Between April 23 and Nov 4, 2020, 23848 participants
were recruited and vaccinated across the four studies:
1077 in COVOO01 (UK), 10673 in COV002 (UK), 10002 in
COV003 (Brazil), and 2096 in COVOOS (South Africa).
11636 participants in COV002 and COV003 met the
inclusion criteria for the primary analysis, 5807 of whom
received two doses of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and 5829 of
whom received two doses of control product. A trial
profile and reasons for exclusion from the primary
analysis are shown in appendix 1 (pp 5-7). Here, we
provide safety data on 74341 person-months of follow-up
after first dose (median 3.4 months, IQR 1-3-4.8) and
29060 person-months of follow-up after two doses
(median 2-0,1.3-2.3).

Of the participants in COV002 and COV003 included
in the primary efficacy analyses, the majority were

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 January 9, 2021

aged 18-55 years (6542 [86-7%] of 7548 in the UK
and 3676 [899%] of 4088 in Brazil; table 1). Those aged
56 years or older were recruited later and contributed
12.2% of the total cohort in the current analysis
(1006 [13-3%] in the UK and 412 [10-1%] in Brazil).
7045 (60-5%) participants were female. 6902 (91-4%)
participants in the UK and 2723 (66-6%) participants in
Brazil were white (table 1). Baseline participants of the
safety population are shown in appendix 1 (pp 9-10).

The timing of priming and booster vaccine admin-
istration varied between studies. As protocol amendments
to add a booster dose took place when the trials were
underway, and owing to the time taken to manufacture
and release a new batch of vaccine, doses could not
be administered at a 4week interval. 1459 (532%) of
2741 participants in COVO02 in the LD/SD group received
a second dose at least 12 weeks after the first (median
84 days, IQR 77-91) and only 22 (0.89%) received a second
dose within 8 weeks of the first. The median interval
between doses for the SD/SD group in COVOOZ was
69 days (50-86). Conversely, the majority of participants
in COVO03 in the SD/SD group (2493 [61-0%] of 4088)
received a second dose within 6 weeks of the first (median
36 days, 32-58; appendix 1 p 11).

105
Articles

 

A small proportion of participants were seropositive
atbaseline (138 [1.39%] of 10673 in the UK and 235 [23%]
of 10002 in Brazil). Three participants seropositive at
baseline had subsequent NAAT.positive swabs. One par.
ticipant had an asymptomatic infection 3 weeks after a
first dose of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19. Two other participants in
the control group had symptomatic infections 8 weeks
and 21 weeks after their baseline sample was taken.

There were 131 cases of symptomatic COVID-19 in
LD/SD or SD/SD recipients who were eligible for
inclusion in the primary efficacy analysis more than
14 days after the second dose of vaccine (table 2). There

 

 

Primary efficacy analysis:
SD/SDorLD/SD vaccination

Secondary efficacy analysi
first standard dose

006 Treatment group
— Chad x nCov-19
005 — Menacwy

Cumulative proportion of participants.

ã ã

  

O 20 40 60 80 100 O 30 6 9 120 150

Dayssince second dose Days since first standard dose

Numberat risk
(number censored)
ChAdoxi nCov-19 5807 5639 4779 318 499 O 6307
(0) (189) (1162) (2620) (5300) (5777) (0)

MenaCWY 5829 5657 4765 3146 435 O

(0) (82) (1164) (2636) (5322) (5728) (0)

5732 4857 3681 2490 O
(645) (1443) (2636) (3811) (6256)
58 4836 3652 2452 O

(639) (1424) (2599) (3760) (6156)

 

 

  

Figure: Kaplan-Meier cumulative incidence of primary symptomatic, NAAT-positive COVID-19
Cumulative incidence of symptomatic COVID-19 after tuo doses (left) or after first standard dose in participants
receiving only standard-dose vaccines (right). Grey shaded areas show the exclusion period after each dose in
which cases were excluded from the analysis. Blue and red shaded areas show 95% CIs. LD/SD=low-dose prime plus.
standard-dose boost. MenACWY=meningococcal group A, C, W, and Y conjugate vaccine. NAAT=nucleic acid
amplification test. SD/SD=two standard-dose vaccines given.

 

were 30 (0-5%) cases among 5807 participants in the
vaccine arm and 101 (17%) cases among 5829 par-
ticipants in the control group, resulting in vaccine
efficacy of 70-4% (95-8% CI 54.8-80-6; table 2; figure).
In participants who received two standard-dose vaccines,
vaccine efficacy was 62-1% (95% CL 41-0-75-7), whereas
in those who received a low dose as their first dose of
vaccine, efficacy was higher at 900% (67-4-97.0;
Pisncso=0-010; table 2; appendix 1 pp 12-13).

In England and Wales, 129529 weekly selfswabs
were processed by the DHSC, of which 126324 (97.5%)
were matched to study participants. There were
435 positive swabs, of which 354 (81-49) were matched.
Symptoms in these participants were not routinely
assessed as swabs were done at home and sent for testing
through the post. Asymptomatic infections or those with
unreported symptoms were detected in 69 participants
(table 2). Vaccine efficacy in the 24 LD/SD recipients was
58-9% (95% CI 1-0 to 82.9), whereas it was 3-8%
(-72:4 to 46.3) in the 45 participants receiving SD/SD
(table 2).

Results from sensitivity analyses, including partici-
pants who were seropositive at baseline and by intention
to treat, were very similar to main results (data not
shown).

Results from the subgroup comparisons presented in
this analysis were similar to overall results (table 3). In
the SD/SD UK cohort who were aged 18-55 years,
49 cases were available for inclusion in the analysis
and vaccine efficacy was 59-3% (95% CI 25-1 to 77.9;
Pisercn=0 019; table 3). When further restricted to those
who received their vaccines more than 8 weeks apart,
33 cases were included in the SD/SD analysis and
vaccine efficacy was 656% (24-5 to 84-4; Pu ur=0-082;
table 3; appendix 1 pp 12-13). In the SD/SD cohorts in
the UK and Brazil, vaccine efficacy was similar when
analysed in subgroups according to time between

 

 

 

 

 

Totalnumber ChAdOxI nCoV-19 Control Vaccine efficacy (95% C)) — p value for
ofcases interaction
COVOO2 (UK), age 18-55 years” 0.019
LD/SD recipients 3 3/1367 (02%) 30/1374 (22%) 90-0% (67:3to 97.0)
SDJSD recipients. 49 141879(07%)  35192(18%) — 593%(251t0779)
COVOO? (UK), age 18-55 years with>8 weeks” 0082
interval between vaccine doses*
LD/SD recipients. 3 3/1357 (02%) 30/1362 (2:2%) 900% (67:3to 97.0)
SDJSD recipients. 3 81407(06%) — 26/1512(17%) | 656%(245t0844)
AIISD/SD (UK and Brazil 0557]
<6 weeks! interval between vaccine doses 28 9/1702 (05%) 19698(11%) | 534%(-25t0788)
=6 wels'interval between vaccine doses 70 18/2738(07%) — S22757 (19%) 654% (41110796)
Cohortsarealsubsets ofthe primary efficacy population. SARS-CoV-2=severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 LD/SD=low-dose prime plusstandard-dose boost.
SD/SD=two standard dose vaccines given. BMl=body-mass index. “Models adjusted for BMI (+30 vs =30 kg/rm?) heslth-care worker status (yes vs no), andethnicity
(uhiteus non-white). Model asjusted for BMI (<30 us =30 kg/rm'),health-careworker status (yes vs no), ethmicity (bite us nom-white) age (<56 years vs =56 years), and study
(COV0O2 15 COV003)
Table 3: Subgroup comparisons of efficacy against SARS-CoV-2 more than 14 days after a second dose of ChAdOxI nCoV-19 vaccine inthe primary
efficacy population

 

 

106

wrwwthelancet com Vol397 January 9, 2021
Articles

 

 

 

 

Totalnumber ChadOxi nCov-19 Control Vaccine efficacy (95% CI)
of cases
min) Incidence per mi) Incidence per

1000 person-years. 1000 person-years

(person-days of follow-up) (person-days of follow-up)
covoo2 (UK) 90 28/3060 (09%) 35-4(288955) 62/3064 (2-0%) 785 (288395) 550% (29710714)
Covo (Brazil) 102 23/8247 (07%) 46:7(179743) 79/3233 (24%) 1624 (177693) 712% (54210819)
Primary symptomatie COVID-19* 192 51/6307 (08%) — 39:7(468698) 141/6297 (22%) 11055 (466088) 641% (505t0739)
Other non-primary symptomatic na 12/6307 (02%) 4 (468698) 9/6297 (01%) 1 (466088) -328% (2148 to 440)
coviD-19+
Any symptomatic COVID-19 23 63/6307 (10%) | 49-1(468698) 150/6297 (2:4%) 11755 (466088) 583% (440to 689)
Asymptomatic or symptoms unknown 71 34751 (12%) 46-8(265142) 3712760 (13%) 510(264994) 78% (-46-710 421)
(covo02)
Any NAATpositive swab 291 102/6307(1.6%) — 79:5(468698) 189/6297(30%) — 1481(466088) 463% (31810 57.8)

Vaceine efficacy was calculated from the robust Poisson model. The frst-standard-dose efficacy population includes participants seronegative at baseline who received onlystandard dose vaccines or werein the
corresponding control group, and remained on study 22 days after their first dose without having had a previous virologically confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection. In addition, for groups in COVOO2, only efficacy
groups (ie, groups 4, 6,9, and 10)are included. SARS-CoV-2=severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. NAAT=nuleic acid amplification test. “NAAT-positive swalb plusat least one of cough, shortness of
breath, fever higherthan 37.8ºC, anosmia, orageusia. 1Other non-primary symptomatic COVID-19 disease includes cases that have symptoms other than the five main symptoms required for inclusion in the.
primary analysis (ey a participant who has diarrhoca and malaise but no feves, cough, shortness of breath, anosmia, or ageusia, 4Vaccine efficacy was calculated from a reduced robust Poisson model excluding
theagegroup category due to the full model failing to converge). Participants with a low-dose prime were excluded.

 

 

Table 4: Efficacy against SARS-CoV:2 more than 21 days after the first standard dose in seronegative participants who received only standard doses.

 

vaccines, at 53-4% (-2:5 to 78:8) in participants
with less than 6 weeks" interval between doses and
65 -4% (41-1 to 79.6) in participants with at least 6 weeks”
interval (Psusau=0-56; table 3).

For our secondary analysis of cases occurring more
than 21 days after the first standard dose in partici-
pants who received only standard doses, there were
192 included cases with a vaccine efficacy of 64-1%
(95% CI 50-5-73.9; table 4; figure)

More than 21 days after their first dose, ten participants
were hospitalised due to COVID-19 (defined as WHO
clinical progression score 4), two of whom were
assessed as having severe COVID-19 (WHO score =6),
including one fatal case. All ten cases were in the control
group (table 5).

Five cases included in the primary analysis occurred in
those participants older than 55 years of age. Vaccine
efficacy in older age groups could not be assessed but will
be determined, if sufficient data are available, in a future
analysis after more cases have accrued.

Across all four studies, the vaccine had a good safety
profile with serious adverse events and adverse events of
special interest balanced across the study arms. Serious
adverse events occurred in 168 participants, 79 of whom
received ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and 89 of whom received
MenACWY or saline control (appendix 1 pp 15-18).
There were 175 events (84 in the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19
group and 91 in the control group), three of which were
considered possibly related to either the experimental or
a control vaccine. A case of haemolytic anaemia in the
control group in the UK phase 1/2 study occurring
10 days after MenACWY vaccine was considered possibly
related to the intervention and has been previously
described.: A case of transverse myelitis was reported

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 January 9, 2021

 

Chadox1  MenacWY
nCov-19  orsaline
(n=12021) — control

(n=11724)

Hospitalisation (WHO clinical progressionscore =4)

<21 days after the first dose ” 6

>21 days afterthe firstdoseand sI4days O 5

after the second dose

>14 days after the second dose o 5

SevereCOVID-19 (WHO clinical progression score =6)

<21 days after the first dose o o

>21 days afterthe firstdoseand 14 days O 1

afterthe second dose

>14 days after the second dose o 1

The safety population includes all randomisation participants who received at
last onedose ofvaccine. Severe COVID-19 (WHO score =6) is asubset of
hospitalisations (WHO core =4). Cases were eligible for inclusionin efficacy ifthe
first symptomor first NAAT-positive result wason or before the data cutoff date.
(Now 4, 2020). Tino cases appear in this table that do not appear inthetable for
serious adverse eventsin appendix? (pp 15-20) as the adverse event reporting
datewas afterthe data cutoff date. MenACWY=meningococcal group A, GW,
and Y conjugate vaccine. NAAT=nudleicacid amplification test *Onecase on the
day of the first vaceiration and one case 10 days afterthe frstdose.

Table 5: Hospitalisation for COVID-19 and severe COVID-19 in the safety
population

 

 

 

14 days after ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 booster vaccination
as being possibly related to vaccination, with the
independent neurological committee considering the
most likely diagnosis to be of an idiopathic, short
segment, spinal cord demyelination. A potentially
vaccine-related serious adverse event was reported 2 days
after vaccination in South Africa in an individual who
recorded fever higher than 40ºC, but who recovered

107

 
Articles

 

108

rapidly without an alternative diagnosis and was not
admitted to hospital. The participant remains masked to
group allocation, continues in the trial, and received a
second dose of the allocated vaccine without a similar
reaction.

There were two additional cases of transverse myelitis
that were originally reported as potentially related but
later determined to be unlikely to be related to vaccination
by an independent committee of neurological experts.
One case that occurred 10 days after a first vaccination
with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 was initially assessed as possibly
related, but later considered unlikely to be related by the
site investigator when further investigation revealed pre-
existing, but previously unrecognised, multiple sclerosis.
The second case was reported 68 days after MenACWY
vaccination. While considered possibly related by the site
investigator at the time of reporting, an independent
panel of neurological experts considered this to be
unlikely. All trial participants have recovered, or are in a
stable or improving condition.

There were four non-COVID-19 deaths reported across
the studies (three in the control arm and one in the
ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 arm) that were all considered
unrelated to the vaccine, with cause of death assessed as
road traffic accident, blunt force trauma, homicide, and
fungal pneumonia.

Discussion

Here, we present the first interim safety and efficacy
data for a viral vector coronavirus vaccine, ChAdOx1
nCoV-19, evaluated in four trials across three continents,
showing significant vaccine efficacy of 70-4% after
two doses and protection of 64-1% after at least one
standard dose, against symptomatic disease, with no
safety concerns.

The prespecified analysis population, which was
determined following feedback from national and
international regulators before unblinding of the study,
included a pooled analysis from several countries to
improve generalisability, and inclusion of two dose
subgroups within the UK trial. This pooling strategy was
authorised by the chief investigator (AJP) and study
statistician (MV), with no concerns about pooling
different control groups, and was accepted by regulators
involved in the discussions. There had been initial
concern that the LD/SD regimen might have lower
efficacy than SD/SD, and the regulatory authority
acceptance of the inclusion of the two trial regimens
(LD/SD and SD/SD) in analysis was based on the
observation that these regimens generated similar levels
of binding antibody, and would therefore increase the
sample size available for analysis without compromising
efficacy. The discussion about pooling and inclusion of
LD/SD was made at a time when disease rates were low
in the UK and, in the face of the pandemic, it was agreed
that pooling could provide the earliest possible read on
efficacy that could contribute to public health.

No previous trials have been published on the efficacy
of a viral-vectored coronavirus vaccine and so this study
provides the first peer-reviewed evidence that induction
of immune responses against spike protein using viral
vectors provides protection against the disease in
humans, as has been seen in animal models.

In participants who received two standard doses,
efficacy against primary symptomatic COVID-19 was
consistent in both the UK (60-3% efficacy) and Brazil
(64- 2% efficacy), indicating these resultsare generalisable
across two diverse settings with different timings for the
booster dose (with most participants in the UK receiving
the booster dose more than 12 weeks after the first dose
and most participants in Brazil receiving their second
dose within 6 weeks of the first). Exploratory subgroup
analyses included at the request of reviewers and editors
also showed no significant difference in efficacy esti-
mates when comparing those with a short time
window between doses (<6 weeks) and those with longer
(26 weeks), although further detailed exploration of the
timing of doses might be warranted.

Efficacy of 90-0% seen in those who received a low
dose as prime in the UK was intriguingly high compared
with the other findings in the study. Although there is
a possibility that chance might play a part in such
divergent results, a similar contrast in efficacy between
the LD/SD and SD/SD recipients with asymptomatic
infections provides support for the observation (58-9%
[95% CI 1-0 to 82.9] vs 3:8% [-72.4 to 46.3]. Explora-
tory subgroup analyses, included at the request of
reviewers and editors, that were restricted to participants
aged 18-55 years, or aligned (>8 weeks) intervals
between doses, showed similar findings. Use of a low
dose for priming could provide substantially more
vaccine for distribution at a time of constrained supply,
and these data imply that this would not compromise
protection. While a vaccine that could prevent COVID-19
would have a substantial public health benefit, pre-
vention of asymptomatic infection could reduce viral
transmission and protect those with underlying health
conditions who do not respond to vaccination, those
who cannot be vaccinated for health reasons, and those
who will not or cannot access a vaccine, providing wider
benefit for society. However, the wide CIs around our
estimates show that further data are needed to confirm
these preliminary findings, which will be done in future
analyses of the data accruing in these ongoing trials.

Similar results have been seen for other vaccines where
a reduced number or type of priming dose in infancy can
lead to higher responses to a booster vaccine.” Further
work is needed to determine the mechanism of the
increased efficacy with a LD/SD regimen, which might
be due to higher levels of neutralising antibody, lower
levels of anti-vector immunity with lower vector-derived
antigen content of the first dose, or differential antibody
functionality or cellular immunity, including altered
avidity or immunodominance.

wrwwthelancet com Vol397 January 9, 2021
Articles

 

Other coronavirus vaccine developers have released
preliminary high-level results in public statements,
including more than 90% efficacy reported for the lipid
nanoparticle mRNA vaccine BNT162b2” 92% efficacy
for the Sputnik V vaccine (developed at the National
Research Centre for Epidemiology and Microbiology):
and 94.5% for the Moderna lipid nanoparticle
mRNA-1273 vaccine.” The possibility that more than one
efficacious vaccine against COVID-19 might be approved
for use in the near future is encouraging. However,
control of pandemic coronavirus will only be achieved if
the licensure, manufacturing, and distribution of these
vaccines can be achieved at an unprecedented scale and
vaccination is rolled out to all those who are vulnerable.
The US Food and Drug Administration's guidelines
indicate that they would license a vaccine against the
pandemic virus that showed at least 50% efficacy“ and
WHO have indicated a minimum efficacy of 50% in its
target product profile.” A modelling study found that a
vaccine with efficacy of 60-80% could allow reduction in
physical distancing measures, but this would still require
high coverage.” The findings here indicate that the
efficacy of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 exceeds these thresholds
and has the potential to have a public health impact.
Much consideration has been given to the statistical
confidence in vaccine efficacy estimates, given the size
of the global population who might be vaccinated. To
ensure that point estimates of efficacy in clinical trials
are sufficiently robust, some regulatory authorities
consider that the lower bound of the CI for efficacy
should be higher than 20% (personal communication),
with other authorities more stringent and anticipating a
lower bound of 30% for licensure.” Here, we present data
that exceed both these thresholds in the pooled analysis,
which we had agreed with regulators before unblinding
of the study, and also meet the thresholds set in the
individual analyses of trials by country and by study arm.
we designed our studies early in the pandemic and
fixed our primary symptomatic disease endpoint on the
basis of expert analysis and guidelines from Public
Health England and WHO as the first wave of disease
spread around the world, although these have now been
substantially updated.” We have used a restricted
definition of symptomatic disease, since many other
symptoms that are associated with COVID-19 disease are
non-specific. Since endpoints in protocols for different
vaccines are not well aligned, we recognise that it will
be difficult to compare efficacy across programmes.
However, we have also included hospital admissions and
severe disease as an endpoint in the current study, which
might be easier to assess in comparison with other
vaccines, and found that in the ten cases available
for analysis more than 21 days after the first dose, there
was complete protection against hospitalisation for
COVID-19.
While the data presented here show that ChAdOx1
nCov-19 is efficacious against symptomatic disease, with

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 January 9, 2021

most cases accruing in adults younger than 55 years ofage
so far, an important public health consideration is the
morbidity and mortality of the disease in an older adult
population and thus the potential efficacy in this age
group. We have reported immunogenicity data showing
similar immune responses following vaccination with two
doses of ChAdOx1 nCov-19 in older adults, including those
older than 70 years of age, when compared with those
younger than 55 years.“ As older age groups were recruited
later than younger age groups, there has been less time for
cases to accrue and as a result, efficacy data in these cohorts
are currently limited by the small number of cases, but
additional data will be available in future analyses.

These trials, conducted on three different continents,
enrolled geographically and ethnically diverse popula-
tions. Severe COVID-19 has been seen to dispropor.
tionately affect people of non-white ethnicity, as well as
those who are male, overweight, and the elderly.

In our studies, the demographic characteristics of those
enrolled varied between countries. In the UK, the enrolled
population was predominantly white and, in younger age
groups, included more female participants due to the
focus on enrolment of health-care workers. This is a
typically lower risk population for severe COVID-19. The
demographic profile combined with the weekly self
swabbing for asymptomatic infection in the UK results in
a milder case-severity profile. In Brazil, there was a larger
proportion ofnon-white ethnicities, and again the majority
ofthose enrolled were health-care workers.

We have previously reported on the local and systemic
reactogenicity of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and shown that it
is tolerated and that the side-effects are less both in
intensity and number in older adults, with lower doses,
and after the second dose. Although there were many
serious adverse events reported in the study in view of
the size and health status of the population included,
there was no pattern of these events that provided a safety
signal in the study. Three cases of transverse myelitis
were initially reported as suspected unexpected serious
adverse reactions, with two in the ChAdOx1 nCoV-19
vaccine study arm, triggering a study pause for careful
review in each case. Independent clinical review of these
cases has indicated that one in the experimental group
and one in the control group are unlikely to be related to
study interventions, but a relationship remained possible
in the third case. Careful monitoring of safety, including
neurological events, continues in the trials. All safety
data will be provided to regulators for review.

In this interim analysis, we have not been able to
assess duration of protection, since the first trials were
initiated in April, 2020, such that all disease episodes
have accrued within 6 months of the first dose being
administered. Further evidence will be required to
determine duration of protection and the need for
additional booster doses of vaccine.

The results presented in this Article constitute the key
findings from the first interim analysis, which are

109
Articles

 

110

provided for rapid review by the public and policy makers.
In future analyses with additional data included as they
accrue, we will investigate differences in key subgroups
such as older cohorts, ethnicity, dose regimen, and timing
of booster vaccines, and we will search for correlates of
protection.

Until widespread immunity halts the spread of
SARS-CoV.2, physical distancing measures and novel
therapies are needed to control COVID-19. In the
meantime, an efficacious vaccine has the potential to
have a major impact on the pandemic if used in
populations at risk of severe disease. Here, we have
shown for the first time that a viral vector vaccine,
ChAdOx1 nCoV-19, is efficacious and could contribute to
control of the disease in this pandemic.

Contributors

AJP and SCG conceived the trial and AJP is the chief investigator.

AJP, PME, DJ, MV, and TL contributed to the protocol and design of the
study. SACC, SAM, LYW, AVSH, ALG, VLB, SLB, QEB, AMC, MT, AS,
KD, CJW, CJAD, PJL, ECT, LF, SNF, CAG, RL, TCD, PTH, HH, DMF,
VL AM, AL, AF, CB, GK, MET, AP, EPM, AVS, AVAM, CLC, ALG, AN,
SDP, KMP, ES, RKS, RT, and DPJT are study site principal investigators.
PKA, EP, DJ, PMF, SB, AMM, AML, KRWE, MNR, BA, PC, SK, KJE, AL,
AF, SR, PJO, SHCH, SJ, HM, JV, IH, RM, YEM, NS, R$, MDS, MEEW,
TLY, RC], and CH contributed to the implementation of the study or
data collection. MY and SF did the statistical analysis. CMG, ADD,
CCDJ and RT wiere responsible for vaccine manufacturing. MV and
AJP contributed to the preparation of the report. All authors critically
reviewed and approved the final version.

Dedaration ofinterests

Oxford University has entered into a partnership with AstraZencca for
further development of ChAdOxI nCoV-19. SCG is co-founder of
Vaccitech (collaborators in the carly development of this vaccine
candidate) and named as an inventor on a patent covering use of
ChAdOxt-vectored vaccines and a patent application covering this
SARS-CoV.2 vaccine (PCT/GB2012/000467). TL is named as an inventor
on a patent application covering this SARS-CoV-2 vaccine and was à
consultant to Vaccitech for an unrclated project, during the conduct of
the study. PMF is a consultant to Vaccitech during the conduct of the
study. AJP is chair of the UK Department of Health and Social Care's
(DHSC) Joint Committee on Vaccination & Immunisation (JCVI),

but does not participate in discussions on COVID-19 vaccine, and is a
member of WHO's SAGE. AJP is a National Institute for Health
Research (NIHR) Senior Investigator. The views expressed in this
Amtide do not necessarily represent the vives of the DHSC, JCVI,
NIHR, or WHO. AVSH reports personal fees from Vaccitech, outside of
the submitted work, and has a patent on ChAdOs] licensed to Vaceitech
(PCT/GB2012/000467), and might benefit from royalty income to the
University of Oxford from sales of this vaccine by AstraZeneca and
sublicensces. MS reports grants from NIHR and non-financial support
from AstraZeneca, during the conduct of the study; and grants from
Janssen, ClaxoSmithkline, Medimmune, Novavax, and MCM and
grants and non-financial support from Pfizer, outside of the submitted
work. CG reports personal fees from the Duke Human Vaccine
Institute, outside of the submitted work. ADD reports grants and
personal fees from AstraZeneca, outside of the submitted work. AF is a
member of the JCVI and chair of the WHO European Technical
Advisory Group of Experts. AF declares rescarch grants from Pfizer,
ClaxoSmithkline, Sanofi, Merck Sharp & Dohme, and Valneva, outside
of the submitied work. JV, TLV, and IH are employees of AstraZeneca.
The other authors declare no competing interests.

Data sharing

Anonymiscd participant data will be made available when the trials are
complete, upon requests directed to the corresponding author.
Proposals will be reviewed and approved by the sponsor, investigator,
and collaborators on the basis of scientific merit. After approval of a

proposal, data can be shared through a secure online platform after
signing a data access agreement. All data will be made available for a
minimum of'S years from the end of the trial.

Acknowledgments
This Article was funded by UK Research and Innovation, NIHR, Coalition
for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, the Bill & Melinda Gates
Foundation, the Lemann Foundation, Rede D'Or, the Brava and Telles
Foundation, NIHR Oxford Biomedical Research Centre, Thames Valley and
South Midland's NIHR Clinical Research Network, and AstraZeneca.

The authors dedicate this paper to the many healthcare viorkers veho have
Jost their lives during the pandemic. This report is independent rescarch
funded by the UK National Institute for Health Research, UK Research and
Innovation, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Lemann Foundation,
Rede D'OR, the Brava and Telles Foundation, and the South African
Medical Research Council. We are grateful to the NIHR infrastructure
provided through the NIHR Biomedical Research Centres and the NIHR
Clinical Rescarch Network at the UK study sites. The views expressed in
this publication are those of the author(s) and not necessarily those of the
National Institute for Health Research or the Department of Health and
Social Care. PMF received funding from the Coordenacao de
Aperfeicoamento de Pessoal de Nivel Superior, Brazil (finance code 001).
The authors are grateful to the volunteers viho participated in this study
The authors are grateful to the senior management at AstraZeneca for
facilitating and funding the manufacture of the AZD1222 vaccine candidate
and for financial support for expansion of the Oxford sponsored clinical
trials in Brazil. AstraZencca reviewed the data from the study and the final
manuscript prior to submission, but the authors retained editorial control.

 

References

1 WHO. WHO coronavirus disease (COVID-19) dashboard. 2020.
https://covidio wvho.int (accessed Nov 8, 2020).

2 Zhou F,YuT Du R, etal. Clinical course and risk factors for
mortality of adult inpatients with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China:

a retrospective cohort study. Lancet 2020; 395: 1054-62.

3 StringhiniS, Wisniak A, Piumatt G, et al. Seroprevalence of
anti-SARS-CoV.2 IgG antibodies in Geneva, Switzerland
(SEROCOV-POP); à population-based study. Lancet 2020; 396: 313-19.

4 WHO. DRAFT landscape of COVID-19 candidate
vaccines—20 March 2020. 2020. https:/ [www who intjblueprint/
priority-discases/key-action/novel-coronavirus-landscape-neov.
pdBua=1 (accessed Nov 8, 2020).

5 Folegatti PM, Ewer K], Aley PK, et al. Safety and immunogenicity of
the ChAdOx] nCoN-19 vaccine against SARS-CoV-2: a preliminary
reportof a phase 1/2, single-blind, randomised controlled trial.
Lancet 2020; 396: 467-78.

6 RamasamyM, Minassian AM. Safety and immunogenicity of
ChadOx! nCoV-19 (AZD1222) vaccine administered in a prime-
boost regimen in older adults (COVO02): a phase 2/3 single blind,
randomised controlled trial. Lancet 2020; published online Nov 18.
https://doiorg/10-1016/S0140-6736(20)32466-1.

7 Barret JR, BelijRammorstorfer S. Phase 1/2 trial of SARS-CoV-2
vaccine ChAdOxI nCoV-19 with a booster dose induces
multifunctional antibody responses. Nat Med (in press).

8 Marshall JC, Murthy S, Diaz ], etal. A minimal common outcome
measure set for COVID-19 clinical research. Lancet Infect Dis 2020;
20: c192-97

9 Zou G. A modified Poisson regression approach to prospective
studies with binary data. Am J Epidemiol 2004; 159: 702-06.

10 Pace D, Khatami A, McKenna ), etal. Immunogenicity of reduced
dose priming schedules of serogroup C meningococcal conjugate
vaccine followed by booster at 12 months in infants: open label
randomised controlled trial. BMJ 2015; 350: h1554.

1 Pfizer. Pfizer and BioNTech announce vaccine candidate against
COVID-19 achieved success in first interim analysis from phase 3
study. Nov 9, 2020. https: /www:.pfizer.com jnews/press-release
press-relcase-detail/pfizer-and-biontech-announce-vaccine-
candidate-against (accessed Nov 15, 2020).

12 The Gamaleya National Centre. The first interim data analysis of
the Sputnik V vaccine against COVID-19 phase III clinical trials in
the Russian Federation demonstrated 92% efficacy. Nov 11, 2020.
https://sputnikvaccine.com/newsroompressreleasesthe-first-
interim-data-analysis-ofthe-sputnikv-vaccinc-against-covid-19-
phase-iii-clinical-trials-/ (accessed Nov 15, 2020).

 

  

wrwwthelancet com Vol397 January 9, 2021
Articles

 

 

Modena. Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine candidate meets its primary
efficacy endpoint in the first interim analysis of the phase 3 COVE
study. Nov 16, 2020. https:/ finvestors.modernate.com news-
releases newes-release-details/modernas-covid-19-vaccine-candidate-
meets-its-primary-efficacy (accessed Nov 17, 2020).

Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research. Development and
licensure of vaccines to prevent COVID-19. June, 2020.

htps:/ [www fda.gov/regulatory-information/scarch-fda-guidance-
documents /development-and-licensure-vaccines-preventcovid-19
(accessed Nov 8, 2020).

WHO. WHO target product profiles for COVID-19 vaccines.

April 9, 2020. https: //wrwrwwho int/publications/myitem viho-
target-product-profiles-for-covid-19-vaccines (accessed Nov 8, 2020).
Bartsch SM, O'Shea KJ, Ferguson MC, et al. Vaccine efficacy
needed for a COVID-19 coronavirus vaccine to prevent or stopan
epidemic as the sole intervention. Am J Prev Med 2020; 59: 493-503.

wwrwthelancet.com Vol397 January 9, 2021

7

19

20

WHO. WHO COVID-19 case definition. Aug 7, 2020. https: www.
who intypublications/J item /WHO-2019-nCoV-Surveilance Case
Definition-2020-1 (accessed Nov 8, 2020).

Public Health England. COVID-19: investigation and initial clinical
management of possible cases. Oct 2, 2020, https: fra govuk
government/publications wuhan-novel-coronavirus-
investigation-ofpossible-cases/investigation-and- initiatelinica.
management-ofpossible-cases-ofwuhan-novel-coronavirus-ven-cow-
infectiongcriteria (accessed Nov 8, 2020).

Richards-Belle A, Orzechowska I, Gould DN, et al. COVID-19 in
critical care: epidemiology of the first epidemic wave across England,
Wales and Northem Ireland. Intensive Care Med 2020; 46: 2035-47.
Sze S, Pan D, Gray LJ, ct al. Ethnicity and clinical outcomes in
COVID-19: a systematic Review and Meta-analysis. EClinical Medicine
2020; published online Nov 12. https://doi.org/10.1016/
jeclinm.2020.100630.

 

 

 

a
cpi4all_arquivo_nao_suportado: /tmp/tmp8ayuokra/cpi4all_9_Depoimento__Pedro__Hallal.pptx
Articles

 

RA

Cosa

Lancet 2019; 393: 1628-40
published Online
March13,2019

httpyfdx doi org/101016/
50140-6736(19)30235-1
See Comment page 1576
“Contributedequaly

Councilon Foreign Relations,
Washington, DC,USA

(T) Bolhyey JD, M Cohen BS,
D'Schoder BA); Department of
Health Research and Policy,
Stanford University School of
Medicine, Stanford, CA, USA.
(Templin MS); Institute for
Health Metrics and Evaluation,
University of Washington,
Seattle, WA, USA

(LDieleman PhD); and
Department of Philosophy,
Bilkent University, Ankara,
Turkey (SWigley PhD)
Correspondenceto:

MrThomas ) Bol Councilon
Foreign Relations, Washington,
DC 20006, USA
thollykyectr.org

1628

The relationships between democratic experience,
adult health, and cause-specific mortality in 170 countries
between 1980 and 2016: an observational analysis

Thomas Bollyky”, Tara Templin”, Matthew Cohen, Diana Schodes, Joseph L Dieleman, Simon Wigley

Summary

Background Previous analyses of democracy and population health have focused on broad measures, such as life
expectancy at birth and child and infant mortality, and have shown some contradictory results. We used a panel of
data spanning 170 countries to assess the association between democracy and cause-specific mortality and explore the
pathways connecting democratic rule to health gains.

Methods We extracted cause-specific mortality and HIV-free life expectancy estimates from the Global Burden of
Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study 2016 and information on regime type from the Varieties of Democracy
project. These data cover 170 countries and 46 years. From the Financing Global Health database, we extracted gross
domestic product (GDP) per capita, also covering 46 years, and Development Assistance for Health estimates starting
from 1990 and domestic health spending estimates starting from 1995. We used a diverse set of empirical methods—
synthetic control, within-country variance decomposition, structural equation models, and fixed-effects regression—
which together provide a robust analysis of the association between democratisation and population health.

Findings HIVfree life expectancy at age 15 years improved significantly during the study period (1970-2015) in
countries after they transitioned to democracy, on average by 3% after 10 years. Democratic experience explains
22.-27% of the variance in mortality within a country from cardiovascular diseases, 16-53% for tuberculosis, and
17-78% for transport injuries, and a smaller percentage for other diseases included in the study. For cardiovascular
diseases, transport injuries, cancers, cirrhosis, and other non-communicable diseases, democratic experience
explains more of the variation in mortality than GDP. Over the past 20 years, the average country's increase in
democratic experience had direct and indirect effects on reducing mortality from cardiovascular disease (-9-64%,
95% CI -6-38 to 12.90), other non-communicable diseases (-9.14%, —4-26 to 14-02), and tuberculosis (-8 -93%,
-2.08 to 15-77), Increases in a country's democratic experience were not correlated with GDP per capita between
1995 and 2015 (p=-0-1036; p=0-1826), but were correlated with declines in mortality from cardiovascular disease
(p=-0-3873; p<0-0001) and increases in government health spending (p=0-4002; p<0-0001). Removal of free and
fair elections from the democratic experience variable resulted in loss of association with age-standardised mortality
from non-communicable diseases and injuries.

Interpretation When enforced by free and fair elections, democracies are more likely than autocracies to lead to health
gains for causes of mortality (eg, cardiovascular diseases and transport injuries) that have not been heavily targeted by
foreign aid and require health-care delivery infrastructure. International health agencies and donors might
increasingly need to consider the implications of regime type in their efforts to maximise health gains, particularly in
the context of ageing populations and the growing burden of non-communicable diseases.

Funding Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Copyright O 2019 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an Open Access article under the CC BY 4.0 license.

Introduction lose. Consequently, these countries rank in the bottom

Democratic governance has not been a driving force in
global health. Many of the countries that have had
the greatest improvements in life expectancy and child
mortality over the past 15 years are electoral autocracies
that achieved their health successes with the heavy
contribution of foreign aid. Ethiopia, Myanmar,
Rwanda, and Uganda all extended their life expectancy
by 10 years or more between 1996 and 2016. The
governments of these countries were elected in multi-
party elections designed so only the opposition could

third of countries on the University of Gothenburg's
Varieties of Democracy (V-Dem) Index,* making them
among the least democratic nations in the world. In
2016, these countries were among the top two dozen
recipients of development assistance for health”
Although many bilateral aid agencies emphasise the
importance of democratic governance in their policy
statements, most studies of development assistance
have found no correlation between foreign aid and
democratic governance and, in some instances,

www thelancet.com Vol 393 April20, 2019
Articles

 

Research in context

Evidence before this study
Overthe past 25 years, various cross-country studies have
assessed whether democracy is related to improved population
health. Almost all of these studies have limited their
assessments to democragy's effect on mortality of infants and
children youngerthan 5 years, or life expectancy at birth,
primarily reflecting gains in child and infant health. The results.
ofthese studies largely support the notion that democracy is
associated with better population health, but at least four
studies have found no link between democracy and infant or
child mortality. Critics of the methodological shortcomings of
these democracy and health studies attribute the improved
health outcomes to factors such as institutional capacity and
country income, rather than regime type. Most studies of the
allocation of development assistance to national governments
have found that it remains uncorrelated with democratic
governance and, in some instances, negatively correlated.

To identify studies that have investigatedthe relationship
between democracy and population health, we searched,
without date restrictions, Scopus, Google Scholar, and PubMed
for allarticles with “democracy” and “health” or “mortality” in
the abstract or title. To the best of our knowledge, no other
studies comprehensively assess the global effect of democratic
governance on non-communicable diseases and injuries—
health concerns that represent an increasing share ofthe
disease burden in low-income and middle-income countries.

Added value ofthis study

This study brings updated, expanded, and improved data
sources, a diverse set of methodologies, and a focus on
non-communicable diseases, injuries, and adult health to the

a negative correlation.” In response to criticism of
President Paul Kigame's 2017 re-election with 98.7% of
the vote, the former Rwandan health minister argued
that “the true measure of democracy is not elections,
but education, health, and security for the people” *

The theoretical reasoning that democracy should
improve population health is straightforward. First,
when enforced through regular, free, and fair elections,
democracies should have a greater incentive than
autocracies to provide health-promoting resources and
services to a larger proportion of the population.' Second,
democracies are more open to feedback from a broader
range of interest groups, more protective of media
freedom, and might be more willing to use that feedback
to improve their public health programmes. Autocracies
reduce political competition and access to information,
which might deter constituent feedback and responsive
governance.”

Various studies" have concluded democratic rule is
better for population health; almost all focus on infant
and child mortality or life expectancy at birth. Some
academics“ have questioned those studies” results,

wunwthelancet.com Vol393 April 20,2019

exploration ofthe relationship between democracy and
health. To characterise the effect of democratic experience on
country health burden, we leveraged estimates from the
Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study
(GBD) 2016, the University of Gothenburg's Varieties of
Democracy project, and the Financing Global Health database.
These data capture detailed political, economic,

and population health information and enable us to construct
apanel of data spanning 170 countries to assessthe role of
democracy, and its core components, on HIV-free life
expectancy at age 15 years, cause-specific mortality,

and health spending, and on the pathways connecting
democratic rule to cause-specific health gains. In additionto
broad population health measures, we used disaggregated
cause-specific mortality estimates from GBD 2016.

Implications ofallthe available evidence

Democratic governments have a greater incentive to improve
adult health and reduce mortality from non-communicable
juries than their autocratic counterparts. These
results are consistent with the perception that democracies are

diseases and

 

more aptthan autocracies to implement proven treatment and
prevention interventions for causes not heavily targeted by
foreign aid and requiring health-care delivery infrastructure.
Regular free and fair elections appear important for improving
adult health and non-communicable disease outcomes,

most likely by increasing government accountability. This study
suggests that democratic institutions and processes might help
to enhance and expand the effectiveness of global health
programmoes and initiatives, especially with regard to

non-communicable diseases, injuries, and adult health.

 

arguing that democratic leaders do not need the electoral
support of low-income voters to stay in office. Others”
have claimed that the underlying determining factor is
wealth or the quality of government institutions, rather
than the democratic process. At least four studies"
have found that democracy has no clear relationship with
child and infant mortality.

Assessments of the role of democratic governance in
child and infant health might not be generalisable to non-
communicable diseases, which are largely chronic, require
more health delivery infrastructure and skilled workforces,
and are costlier to treat than many communicable
diseases.” Global health donors and intergovernmental
institutions have also historically prioritised communicable
diseases, and infant, child, and maternal mortality over
non-communicable diseases and injuries in their
programmes. Without the same external pressure or
validation from donors to do more to address non-
communicable diseases and injuries, autocratic leaders
have less incentive than their democratic counterparts to
finance their prevention and treatment. In democracies,
the political survival of leaders is more likely to hinge on

1629
Articles

 

1630

See Online forappendix

maintaining capable health systems and reducing
premature death and disability across all age groups.

Autocracies, such as in Cuba and China, known for
providing good health at low cost, have not always been as
successful when their populations! health needs shift to
non-communicable diseases. A 2017 assessment” found
that observed life expectancy in China was lower than its
expected life expectancy at birth, on the basis ofits Socio-
demographic Index, from 1980 to 2000, and it has
improved only over the past decade with increased
government health spending. The degree to which Cuba's
observed life expectancy has exceeded expectations has
decreased, from 4-7 years higher than expected in 1970, to
3.5 years higher than expected in 2016.

To the best of our knowledge, there is no robust
research on the role of democracy in adult health and the
burden of non-communicable diseases and injuries.
Safaeis” and Mackenbach and colleagues”! studies are
the closest examples; however Safaei considers a
single year of data (2002-03) for adult mortality and
Mackenbach and colleagues only assess mortality from
some non-communicable causes in European nations
before 2008, and the methods of both studies have
limitations, making them unable to draw global health
policy implications.

A comprehensive reassessment of the role of
democracy in global health is past due. In this study, we
used a panel of data spanning 170 countries to examine
the role of democracy in population health and the
pathways connecting democratic rule to health gains. We
also explore the relationships between democracy and
cause-specific mortality and with life expectancy at age
15 years. These results are important for determining
whether promotion of accountable and open democratic
institutions should play a greater role among the portfolio
of international accountability mechanisms being
pursued to improve population health outcomes and to
increase investment in high-quality, accessible health
care. This evidence is timely as UN member states and
civil society groups consider how to build on the
momentum and commitments made in the 2018 high-
level meetings on non-communicable diseases and
tuberculosis.

Methods

Approach

Our data sources included the Global Burden of Diseases,
Injuries, and Risk Factors Study (GBD) 2016) V-Dem;
and Financing Global Health databases.” These data
capture detailed information about country political and
economic context, and population health. Our empirical
strategy was to leverage multiple statistical techniques,
each testing a different element of the relationship, and
use the strengths of each to assess the overall effect of
democratic experience on health. We used the synthetic
control method, which compares observed data for
countries undergoing democratic transition to the

constructed counterfactual scenarios; a fixed-effects
regression to measure variation in annual cause-specific
death rates; a structural equation model to assess potential
pathways by which democratisation might improve
health; and a fixed-effects regression to do a sensitivity
analysis, systematically removing components of the
democracy measure to understand which component was
most associated with population health improvements.
Together, we believe this diverse set of methods form
a robust analysis of the governance-population health
relationship.

Data

We extracted cause-specific mortality and HIV-free life
expectancy from the GBD 2016 database! The GBD
project estimates age-specific and sex-specific mortality
for 264 causes of death from 1980 to 2016 (death) and 1970
to 2016 (life expectancy) in 195 countries. We used age-
standardised and sex-standardised death rates, aggregated
to the GBD Level 2 cause, which included 21 causes of
illness groups, such as cancer and cardiovascular diseases.
HIVfree life expectancy estimates life expectancy in each
country had the HIV pandemic not occurred, excluding
war and natural disasters. These methods have been
previously described.”

The V-Dem database provides numerous indicators of
regime characteristics, such as electoral fraud, multiparty
elections, freedom of civil association, and media free-
dom, for 201 countries from 1789 to 2017? Each indicator
was constructed on the basis of coding by multiple
country experts. Patterns of agreement or disagreement
between experts were used to estimate, and thereby
correct for, measurement error. We used V-Dem's
Multiplicative Polyarchy Index, created by multiplying the
five core components of electoral democracy (ie, suffrage,
free and fair elections, elected officials, freedom of civil
and political organisation, and freedom of expression) to
construct a democratic experience variable. We calculated
democratic experience by taking the sum of each
country's index score from 1900 to the observation year.
We used accumulated stock of democracy, rather than
level of democracy at each point in time, to capture the
proximal and distal effects of policies resulting from
democratic reform, as described in detail in the appendix.”
The interventions required to reduce premature death
due to non-communicable diseases will often take an
extended period of time to have an effect. To account for
the diminishing effect of policies implemented even
further back in time, a modest annual depreciation of 1%
was applied to the stock variable, as has been done in
previous studies.” In this study, we refer to our variable as
democratic experience.

We extracted government health expenditure as source
and development assistance for health from the Institute
for Health Metrics and Evaluation Financing Global
Health 2017 database.” This database includes health
spending estimates for 188 countries from 1990 to 2015.

www thelancet.com Vol 393 April20, 2019
Articles

 

We define government health spending as country
government spending on health, exclusive of develop-
ment assistance.

The GBD Covariate Database” assembles numerous
covariates that are relevant to health, most of which are
available for 195 countries from 1980 to 2016. We used
mean years of education, mortality shocks, and gross
domestic product (GDP) per capita. Mean years of
education captured the educational attainment by age and
sex from multiple surveys, such as the Demographic and
Health Surveys. Mortality shocks captured the increase in
death rates due to famine and war.” We complement these
covariates with the percentage of the population living in
urban areas from the World Development indicators.”
GDP per capita was based on four commonly used GDP
per capita series: World Bank World Development Indi-
cators,” International Monetary Fund World Economic

Outlook report,” Angus Maddison's research homepage at
the University of Groningen,” and the University of
Pennsylvania Center for International Comparisons of
Production, Income, and Prices.” Each of the four series is
imputed separately with growth regressions and then
averaged. These methods have been previously described *
GDP per capita is reported in 2017 purchasing power
parity-adjusted dollars.

Statistical analysis
Our first method examined whether or not countries
that underwent a democratic transition subsequently
had increased HIV.free life expectancy at age 15 years.
The synthetic control method estimates the effect of
democratisation on life expectancy by comparing trends
in the life expectancy of countries that transitioned from
autocracy to democracy and the weighted average of

 

1047 — Democratic
transition
— Notransition

5

Hivfee lifeexpectany
ê

 

 

Countries used
O Notused
[E Teansitioned to democrasy
E Alvraysavtocrati

 

  
  
  

a
IS TT

78 5Sbnúnd uk

Time after evert (years)

 

 

Figure 1:The average effect of democratictransition on HIV-free life expectancy at age 15 years
(A) The average effect on HIV-free ifeexpectancy due to a democratie transition over 15 years. The blue line represents thenormalised life expectancy in the 15 countries
that undenwent a democratic transition. The red line represents the normalised life expectancy in the corresponding synthetie countries that did notundergo a
democratictransition. ear O is when thetransitiontook place. Divergence after year O reflects the estimated average effect of democratic transitions. Life expectanoy
normalisedto 1 in year 0. (8) The results of an empitical permutation test to determine if countries randomiy mightexperiencethis improvement in HIN-free life
expectaney. A low probability indicates that this improvement in life expectancy is unlikelyto havehappened by chance. (C) Democratising countries used in the
synthetie control analysis are marked in blue, withyear of transition noted. Continuously autocratic countries are in navy and countries that previously democratised or

reverted backto autocracy are in light blue.

wunwthelancet.com Vol393 April 20,2019
Articles

 

 

Cardiovascular diseases
Transport injuries”

Tuberculosis

Other NCDs,
Unintentionalinjuries
Diarrhoca and LRIs

Cancer

Digestive diseases”

Other CDs.

Chronic respiratory diseases”

ê Maternal disorders
s Cirrhosis
Violence”

Nutritional deficiencies!
NTDsand ralar,

  
 
  
 
  
   

Neurological disorders” EEB DAM per capita
HIVIAIDS, EI OP percapita
Mental disorders? EE Vortality shock
Diabetes! EB Urbaniciy
Forcess TD Democractic experience

Musculoskeletal disorders
“o so

Proportion ofvartance (3)

 

Figure 2: Changes in mortality dueto democracy and other determinants of health

The proportionof variance in Global Burden of Disease Level 2 cause-specific,age-standardised mortality explained by
democracy and other determinants of health such as gross domestic product (GDP) per capita, urbanicity,
development assistance for health (DAH), and mortality shockssuch aswar. The sum ofthe variance explained by each
variable is the 1, which isthe shareof the variance of mortality explained by the model. NCDs=non-communicable
diseases, LRIs=lower respiratory and other common infextious diseases. CDs=communicable diseases, NTDs=neglected
tropical diseases. Includes self-harm and interpersonal violence. fIncludes substance use disorders. fincludes diabetes,
vrogenital blood, and endocrine diseases. includes forces of nature, confict, terrorism, and state violence.

 

 

   
 
     
 
 
     

Factor
EEN DAH per capita
[E Democractic experience
EB GDP per capita
Urbanicity

Mortalityshock

50.

 

Proportion ofvariance (3)

vear

 

 

 

Figure 3:Changes in cardiovascular disease across time
The proportion of explained variance in age-standardised cardiovascular disease death rates across 188 countries.
from 1995 to 2015. DAH=developmentassistance for health. GDP=gross domestic product.

55 countries that remained entirely autocratic. The
method has two main advantages: it relies on a robust
and replicable process to select comparison countries;
and it reduces concerns about time-varying confounders
because ofhow the synthetic control is constructed.”

To complete this synthetic control method analysis, we
identified 15 countries that had an unambiguous demo-
cratic transition from 1980 to 2000, and stayed democratic

1632

through 2015, at least. These 15 countries received this
classification if they increased to a score of one on the
ordinal version of V-Dem's Multiplicative Polyarchy Index.
Next, synthetic controls, which are the weighted average
of the 55 countries that remained entirely autocratic from
1970 to 2015, were created for each of the transitioning
countries. Weights were set such that the weighted
average of the continuously autocratic countries matched
each transitioning country in terms of characteristics
such as urbanicity (the effect of living in an urban
area), educational attainment, GDP per capita, and child
mortality. The 15 transitioning and 55 continuously
autocratic countries and country characteristics are listed
in the appendix. We estimated the effectofdemocratisation
by comparing the average HIV-free life expectancy at age
15 years for the transitioning countries with the average
HIVfree life expectancy at age 15 years for the synthetic
controls. Significance of effect was determined by a
permutation test, which empirically tests that no treat-
ment effect exists in autocratic states, rather than using
asymptotics to determine Cls.'*

HIV.free life expectancy was used for this analysis to
isolate and assess the effect of regime type on adult
health. Unlike other causes that disproportionately affect
adult health, democratic and autocratic countries alike
received substantial amounts of external development
assistance for HIV/AIDS. At least ten of the 15 democratic
transition countries, and 47 of 55 continuously autocratic
countries, assessed received substantial annual amounts
of international development assistance for HIV/AIDS
for some or all of our study period.”

Our second analysis examined how democratic
experience, national income, development assistance for
health, urbanicity, and mortality shocks explain changes
in mortality. We used a Shapley Variance Decomposition
to estimate the fraction of the within-country variance of
age-standardised mortality explained by each determinant.
To assess within-country variation, we used a country
fixed-effect regression, which controls for the fact that
countries have unique unobserved characteristics. We
regressed mortality on our selected determinants of
health, and country and year fixed-effects. Year fixed-
effects captured the effect of non-linear changes across
time that affect all countries in a given year.

Our third analysis investigated the pathways by which
democratic experience might improve health and the
magnitude of that improvement. We used a structural
equation model to represent these pathways and estimate
the direct and indirect effect of democracy on health.
Structural equation modelling is a method that simul-
taneously estimates multiple linear regressions to assess
the direct association that a variable might have on an
outcome, and the indirect pathways by which that key
covariate might affect other covariates, which ultimately
affect the outcome. We modelled changes in mortality as
a function of changes in democratic experience, GDP per
capita, mean years of education, urbanicity, skilled birth

www thelancet.com Vol 393 April20, 2019
Articles

 

 

Cardiovascular diseases
Transport injuries
Tuberculosis

Other NCDS

Unintentional injuries
Diarthoea and IRIS

Cancer

Digestive diseases

Other CDs

Chronic respiratory diseases.
Maternaldisorders

 

EB coP per capita (indirect effect)
DO insignificant indirect effects

 

EB Urban (indirect effect)
TD Democracy (direct effect)

Cirhosis ET
Violence* ET
NTDs and malri ED ]]]]]————1
Neurological disorders ET
Mental disorders! E
Diabetes! Ea
Musculoskeletal disorders EEE
2 4 5 1
Change over 20 years (%)
Effects of democracy

EB Gorernment health spending per capita (indirect effect)
EB Insignificant direct effects

 

 

Figure 4: Long-term effect of democracy on country disease burden

Theestimated direct and indirect long-term effects of democracy on health from a structural equation model. The bluebars show the direct effectof democratic change
on changes in health. The green, red, and yellow bars show the indirect effects of democratic changeon changes in health dueto resulting changes in gross domestic
product (GDP) per capita, urbanicity, and government health expenditure as source. All changes are from 1995 to 2015. Results thatwere not statisticallysignificantare
shown in grey. HIV/AIDS and forces were omitted becauseofdistortion of these-axis of the graph, such that the other causes were not visible; al resultsare available in
the appendix. NCDs=non-communicable diseases, LRIs=lower respiratoryand other common infectious diseases. CDs=communicable diseases. NT Dseneglected tropical
diseases. “Indudes self-harm and interpersonal violence. fincludes substance use disorders. includes diabetes, vrogenital blood, and endocrine diseases.

attendance, and government health expenditure. In
addition to having their own direct effects, GDP per
capita, government health expenditure, and urbanicity
were treated as potential mediating (indirect) pathways
by which democratic experience might improve health.
The structural equation model and a pathway diagram
illustrating our equation structure are included in the
appendix.

To make our results more actionable to policy
makers, we did an analysis to identify which components
of democratic experience are most associated with popu-
lation health improvements, using the linear regression
specification from analysis 2. We systematically removed
each of the components of democracy from the
democracy stock index and re-estimated the regression.
The components sequentially removed were free
and fair elections, suffrage, freedom of association,
freedom of expression, and elected executive. This leave-
one-out strategy tests the hypothesis that, although the
components of democratic experience are intertwined,
one might be particularly strongly associated with
mortality. Further sensitivity analyses are presented in
the appendix.

All analyses were done with Stata, version 15.1, and R,
version 3.4.3.

Role ofthe funding source

We received funding from Bloomberg Philanthropies
and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, who had no
role in data collection, analysis, or interpretation, or any

wunwthelancet.com Vol393 April 20,2019

aspect pertinent to the study. All authors had full access
to all the data in the study and had final responsibility for
the decision to submit for publication.

Results

Our first analysis showed that, controlling for HIV/AIDS,
the average life expectancy at age 15 years increased after
10 years in the countries that underwent a democratic
transition by 3% (p=0-001), relative to the synthetic
counterfactual ofno transition (figure 1). The improvement
in adult health after the transition to democracy is
immediate (an average of 0-3% in the first year) and
continues to build over time. The improvements are
statistically different from the counterfactual of no
democratisation from the first year after the transition
(p=0-02; figure 1).

Our second analysis found that democratic experience
explained the largest portion of the variation in mortality
for cardiovascular diseases (22-27%) and transport
injuries (17.78%): nearly a quarter of country-specific
variation (figure 2). Democratic experience explains
more of the variation in mortality within country than
GDP for cardiovascular diseases (22:27% vs 11-83%),
transport injuries (17-78% vs 6-65%), cancers (9-50% vs
6-07%), cirthosis (6-14% vs 2-18%), and other non-
communicable diseases (12-68% vs 9-14%), such as
congenital heart disease and congenital birth defects.
The importance of democratic experience in explaining
the variation in mortality from cardiovascular diseases
and transport injuries within a country has increased

1633
Articles

 

1634

 

40» p=-03873 (p<0.0001)

 

Change in cardiovascular mortality (1995-2015; 5%)

-60

 

5007 p=-01036 (p=01826)
400)
300)
2007

100-|

Change in GDP per capita (1995-2015; %)

 

p=-0.4002 (p<0.0001)
30007

2000-|

 

Change in GHES percapita (1995-2015;$)

-1000-)

 

 

Changein democratic experience (e)
World Bank Income Classification
High O Upper-midde

 

 

Lower-middle O Low

 

Figure 5: Cross-country changes in democracy, cardiovascular disease,
and health spending

The relationships between changes in democracy and cardiovascular
age-standardised death rates (A); changes in democracy and growth in gross
domestic product (GDP) per person (B); changes in democracy and government
health expenditure (GHES) as source (C). All panels show changes from 1995 to
2015. The red line is a linear fit through the bivariate relationship.

over time, from 14-40% in 1995 to 25-23% in 2015 for
cardiovascular diseases (figure 3) and from 22-12% to
28-12% for transport injuries (appendix) over the same
period. However, these factors combined still explain
only 50-48% (39-29% on average across all years,
ranging from 22-65% in 1995 to 50-48% in 2015) of the

total observed variance for cardiovascular disease in
2015. Further, democratic experience explained little of
the variation in the mortality within a country from
some leading communicable causes of death such as
HIV (2.82%) and malaria and neglected tropical
diseases (4-189%), but also did not explain much of the
variation in mortality from diabetes (0-44%), mental
health (0-45%), or musculoskeletal disorders (0-339%;
figure 2).

Our third analysis identified the pathways by which
democratic experience is associated with changes in
cause-specific mortality and estimates the magnitude of
those associated effects. Those effects can be direct, via
the effect of democratic experience itself, and indirect,
through the effect of democratic experience on other
measurable factors, such as increased government
health spending and economic growth, which in turn
might affect mortality. Our results show that a one-
point increase in democratic experience had significant
direct and indirect effects on reducing mortality over
20 years from cardiovascular disease (-1-97%, 95% CI
=1.31 to -2-64), other non-communicable diseases
(-1-87%, -0-87 to -2.87), including congenital heart
diseases and birth defects, and tuberculosis (-1.83%,
-0-42.t0 3.23; figure 4). Democracy also had significant
indirect effects on mortality over 20 years from transport
injuries (-1.949%, -0-90 to -2.99). Government health
expenditure and GDP per capita were the primary
indirect pathways by which that 20-year mortality
reduction occurred for cardiovascular diseases (-0-81%
[H:22 to -0-40] and -0:20% [0:40 to 0.00],
respectively), transport injuries (-1-19% [-1.82.to 0.57]
and -0-18% [-0-46 to 0-12) respectively), and
tuberculosis (-0-40% [-1-6 to 0:26] and —0-40%
[-0-85 to 0:05], respectively); the indirect effects of
democracy for other non-communicable diseases were
mostly limited to government health expenditure
(-0-97%, -1-54to -0-40). The median country observed
a 4-88-point increase in democratic experience from
1995 to 2015 (appendix).

Government health expenditure is also the pathway by
which democratic experience had a modest, but significant,
indirect effect on reducing mortality from cancers
(-0-44%, 95% CI -0-69 to -0-19) and violence (-0-66%,
1.13 to -0-19). Democratic experience had a modest
direct effect on reducing mortality from cirrhosis (-0-92%,
-1.83 to -0-01), and neurological disorders (-0-25%,
-0-52 to 0.03), and on increasing deaths from violence
(077%, —0-12 to 166). Democratic experience had an
indirect effect on increasing mortality from diarrhoeal
diseases (0-47%, 0-00 to 0.95), but that result might be
misleading. Mortality from diarrhoeal diseases has
declined dramatically in poor non-democracies relative to
the already very low mortality from that cause in wealthy
democratic nations. Democratic experience did not have a
statistically significant total effect on mortality from HIV
(+1:77%, —61-80 to 58-26), other communicable diseases

 

www thelancet.com Vol 393 April20, 2019
Articles

 

 

Cardiovascular disease

Democracy |

Exeluding suffrage |

Excluding free and fair elections |
Exeluding free expression |
Excluding free association |
Exeluding elected executive |

 

Tuberculosis

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Effectof democracy on death rates.

Transportinjury Total non-communicable disease
Democracy | [> ] Si
Excluding suffrage [— 4: +:

Excuding free and far elections” [—— E
Excluding free expression | [—— >, 1 —
Excluding free association | [> 1 a
Excluding elected executive | | À 1 E
-005 -0025 õ -005 -0025 õ

 

Effect of democracy on death rates

 

Figure 6: Critical component of democracy for four causes

The average effect of democracy on non-communicable disease, cardiovascular disease, tuberculosis, and transport injury age-standardised death rates using the
leave-one-out strategy. The effect is measured as the percent change in death rates associated with a one-unit increase in democratic experience. The black lines.
indicate the 99% Cl on the effectsize. Blue bars indicate significant effects on health, whereas grey bars are insignificant (significance determined at p=0.01).

(0-54%, —0-51 to 1:59), digestive disease (-0-00%,
“0.74 to 0:73), unintentional injuries (0-49%, -1-14 to
0. 16), respiratory diseases (0- 54%, -0-51to 1.59), maternal
diseases (070%, -0-67 to 2.07), mental disorders (0-16%,
-1.50 to 1:81), musculoskeletal disorders (0-86%,
“0.60 to 2.31), or diabetes (-0- 12%, 1:24 to 100).

The results of our fixed-effect and structural equation
models were reinforced by the correlations that we found
with changes in democratic experience and GDP per
capita, government health expenditure, and cardiovascular
mortality. Our analysis showed that changes in democratic
experience from 1995 to 2015 have an ambiguous bivariate
relationship with changes in GDP per capita (p=-0-1036;
p=0- 1826), but democratic experience is positively corre.
lated with government health expenditure (p=0-4002;
p<0- 0001) and inversely related to cardiovascular mortality
(p="0-3873; p<0-0001; figure 5). For high-income nations,
the relationship between government health spending
and increases in democratic experience was more
ambiguous (p=0-0855; p=0- 5593). Correlations by income
group are presented in the appendix.

Our fourth analysis shows that removing free and fair
elections from the democratic experience variable
resulted in the negative association between that variable
and age-standardised mortality from cardiovascular
diseases, transport injuries, tuberculosis, and total non-
communicable diseases no longer being statistically
significant (p=0-052, p=0-075, p=0-263, and p=0-497,
respectively; figure 6). By contrast, removal of each of the
other elements of the democratic experience index—
suffrage, free expression, freedom of association, and
elected executives—did not significantly alter the
association between democracy and age-standardised
mortality from these causes. The results for all causes are
given in the appendix.

 

wunwthelancet.com Vol393 April 20,2019

Discussion

Our research indicates that democratic experience matters
for global health. It is likely to matter more as the dominant
concerns of countries continueto shift from communicable
diseases and child and infant health to non-communicable
diseases, injuries, and the health needs of adults. We draw
four conclusions from our analysis.

First, policy makers, donors, and international insti-
tutions concerned with premature death and disability in
low-income and middle-income nations should also be
concerned with democratic experience. In 2016, the four
causes for which democratic experience matters most—
cardiovascular diseases, tuberculosis, transport injuries,
and other non-communicable diseases —caused 25 .3% of
the total death and disability in individuals younger than
age 70 years in low-income and middle-income countries.
That same year, cardiovascular diseases—the cause for
which democratic experience explained the most variation
in mortality within country—accounted for 14 million
deaths in low-income and middle-income countries,
41-69% of which occurred in individuals younger than age
70 years. Our results show that a one-point increase in
democratic experience reduced deaths by roughly 2% from
cardiovascular diseases, tuberculosis, transport injuries,
and other non-communicable diseases.

Second, our results are consistent with the conclusion
that countries with more democratic experience were
more apt than autocracies to make health gains for
those causes that require quality health care and
government policy-based prevention, and are notheavily
targeted by development assistance for health. The
hypothesis underlying this conclusion is that the direct
effects of democratic experience are that governments
are more open to feedback from interest groups and
to constituents sharing health-care information, more

1635
Articles

 

1636

protective of media freedom, and more willing to use
that feedback to improve the quality of health-care
services. The indirect effects of democracy are expected
to be measurable in terms of factors such as increased
government health spending. Our results are consistent
with this hypothesis.

The causes most affected by democratic experience are
more dependent on chronic care and government
policy-based prevention than other infectious, maternal,
and neonatal diseases. Low-cost medicines and evidence-
backed management and control strategies exist for
hypertension, which causes most of the death and
disability from coronary heart disease and stroke
worldwide." Hypertension management does require,
however, diagnosis, financing, a health workforce,
procurement and supply chain management of quality
medicines, and information systems. Chemotherapy for
tuberculosis is one of the most cost-effective of all health
interventions, but it also necessitates use of multiple
drugs over an extended time.” Like hypertension,
effective tuberculosis control requires enforcement of
standard diagnostic and treatment protocols; a con-
sistent supply of essential quality-assured medicines;
identification of at-risk individuals participating in other
health-care services; and systematic monitoring and
evaluation of outcomes and patients. Tobacco control
reduces the risks of cardiovascular disease and tuber-
culosis infection alike, but requires governments to
implement and enforce excise taxes, smoke-free laws,
and advertising restrictions. Transport injuries can be cut
with enforcement of laws against driving without
motorcycle helmets or seatbelts; while intoxicated; or at
excessive speeds.“ Investment in trauma care and surgery
can improve the outcome oftransport injuries, congenital
heart disease, and congenital birth defects.

The causes most affected by democratic experience are
generally targeted less by international donors, relative to
other infectious, maternal, and neonatal diseases. Non-
communicable diseases (US$825 million in development
assistance for health in 2017) and injuries are not targeted
with development assistance for health commensurate
with their burden. Tuberculosis is a leading cause of
communicable disease deaths globally, but fewer donor
resources ($1-76 billion in 2017) are devoted to its
prevention and treatment thanto HIV/AIDS ($9 -21 billion),
malaria ($2-58 billion), and for childhood vaccinations
that tend to focus on diarrhoeal and lower-respiratory
infections (82-63 billion) Without the same resources,
external pressure, or validation from donors, autocratic
leaders might have less incentive to provide the chronic
care and policy-based prevention that tuberculosis,
injuries, and many non-communicable diseases require.
Our results show that governments, irrespective of GDP,
spent more on health as democratic experience increased,
which is consistent with the findings of previous studies.

Our results are consistent with the findings ofthe recent
Lancet Global Health Commission on High Quality Health

Systems,“ which found the effect of health-care quality on
mortality in 137 low-income and middle-income countries
was highest for the same set of causes most affected
by democratic experience: cardiovascular diseases, road
injuries, tuberculosis, and neonatal deaths, which include
congenital diseases.” In the Commission's analysis, * the
consequences of paucity of quality health care on these
causes were also much larger than for communicable and
maternal diseases. Cardiovascular diseases alone were
responsible for 2.36 million of the 5.04 million deaths
from the absence of quality health care in low-income and
middle-income countries in 2016.”

Similar factors might explain the modest, but significant
association between democratic experience and mortality
for other non-communicable causes not targeted by
development assistance for health and requiring quality
health-care delivery systems. Earlier detection, more
accurate diagnosis, and more widely available basic
treatment can significantly reduce mortality from many
cancers, but it is the primary responsibility of govern-
ments to ensure universal, affordable access to cancer
care. Most countries have much more to do. The modest
effects of democratic experience might reflect the fact
that deaths from many cancers are not as amenable
to treatment or as preventable as are mortality from
cardiovascular diseases, tuberculosis, and transport
injuries. For example, cardiovascular age-standardised
death rates differ vastly by country, from 95 per 100000 in
Japan to 830 per 100000 in Afghanistan. Similarly, age
standardised deaths from tuberculosis range from
483 deaths per 100000 in the Central African Republic to
0-21 per 100000 in the USA. Age-standardised death
rates for most cancers do not differ internationally this
much, although there are important exceptions. Effective
cancer prevention measures exist, such as tobacco control
and vaccines for infection-caused cancers, but prevention
is less effective for many common cancers like breast
and prostate, leukaemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and
paediatric cancers.“ The direct effect of democratic
experience on reducing cirrhosis deaths might reflect the
decline in excessive alcohol consumption in some eastern
and central European states after the fall of the Soviet
Union.

Democracy does not have significant effects on mortality
from all non-communicable diseases, and the reasons
might be cause specific. There are effective diabetes
treatments and blood glucose monitoring tools, but
diabetes cases are increasing internationally in poor and
wealthy countries alike, because of increases in obesity,
Physical inactivity, and other risk factors. Democratic
experience might improve quality care, but that would do
lite to address deaths from chronic respiratory illnesses
and diabetes that are largely driven by non-utilisation of
health-care services.s” Low death rates for musculo-
skeletal, mental, and neurological disorders (on which
democracy does have a small direct effect) make our
results on those causes harder to parse.

www thelancet.com Vol 393 April20, 2019
Articles

 

Third, fee and fair elections appear important for
improving adult health and non-communicable disease
outcomes, most likely by increasing government account-
ability and responsiveness. The elements of democracy—
which also include suffrage, freedom of association,
freedom of expression, and an elected executive—interact
and work synergistically, but our results suggest free and
fair elections might be essential for the health-promoting
effects of democracy. Free and fair elections force
governments to answer to a broad set of citizens, at regular
intervals, for their adoption of proven treatment and
prevention interventions.” This might be the reason that
democratic experience is increasingly important for
cardiovascular mortality. Democracies have done a better
job of adopting strategies that previously cut US cardio-
vascular disease death rates by more than 40% between
1980 and 2000, and reduced stroke and coronary heart
disease by two-thirds in some high-income countries.”
By contrast, autocracies are more likely to be answerable
only to smaller groups such as the military and business
interests. Autocracies might also be more likely to withhold
health and welfare services from the supporters of
opposition groups.” In poorer districts, the government
might find it more cost-effective to buy votes with small
gifts and payments, rather than to win support by providing
public services that will have a more lasting effect on
population health.” We estimate that in 2016, vote buying
was common practice in 55% of the low-income and
middle-income countries that have elections.? As such,
vote buying and electoral fraud are two areas where
democratic reform could potentially have a positive effect
on population health.

Fourth, these results have important implications for the
allocation of development assistance for health, especially
at a time when the disease burden is shifting rapidly from
communicable to non-communicable diseases in many
low-income and middle-income nations.” The growth in
development assistance for health has largely flatlined
since 2011. Only 2% of the total development assistance for
health in 2016 was devoted to non-communicable diseases,
which represented 58% of the death and disability in low-
income and middle-income countries that same year.
There are no obvious indications that development
assistance for health is likely to increase in general or for
non-communicable diseases specifically. In this context, it
is more important than ever to consider where and how to
spend development assistance for health more effectively.

Multiple initiatives during 2018 have advocated
measures such as human capital indices to increase
country accountability as a means of improving
government health spending, strengthening the global
quality of health-care services, and implementation and
investment of proven prevention and treatment measures
for tuberculosis and non-communicable diseases.“
There is widespread agreement that progress on the
global health challenges that loom largest will need to be
country-led and that success will depend on political will,

wunwthelancet.com Vol393 April 20,2019

accountability, and transparency. The results of this study
suggest that democratic experience is one way in which
that political will, accountability, and transparency might
be improved and country-led progress on non-com-
municable diseases, tuberculosis, and adult health might
ensue.

In light of these findings, one option for proceeding is
increasing the funding for the development agency-led
programmes for democracy promotion and governance
that already exist in many European nations, the USA,
and Canada, and their variants at the World Bank
and other intergovernmental institutions.” These
programmes seek to help countries to strengthen their
democratic processes and build more accountable
institutions, and many have existed for more than two
decades and have operated in dozens of countries. These
programmes have been lightly funded in recent years
outside of active war zones.“* Another option would be
directing more of the scarce development assistance
for health for causes where democratic experience
matters, such as cardiovascular diseases, tuberculosis,
or transport injuries, to the nations that have shown
a commitment to building accountable institutions
and open and transparent democratic processes. The
US Millennium Challenge Corporation and Swedish
International Development Cooperation Agency have
used similar selective approaches to aid to promote good
governance.

Our study had two main limitations. First, the link
between democracy and population health is difficult to
measure because of the association of democracy with
other factors, such as country income or total health
expenditure, and the lack of randomised data. We have
attempted to control for and minimise the risks of
confounding, multicollinearity, and autocorrelation by
using a combination of a synthetic control model, fixed-
effect regressions, and long-difference regressions, as
well as including important covariates. The long-diff-
erence model measures long-term trends and removes
estimation inefficiency caused by autocorrelation,
although this method does not use all of the available
data. Fixed-effects regression, alternatively, is susceptible
to statistical inefficiency due to autocorrelation, although
it uses all available data. The advantage of the synthetic
control method is that it allows for the presence of
unobserved confounders that vary or are constant in
time. However, with observational data such as those at
our disposal, it remains impossible to rule out all other
potential confounders. Still, we believe that these varied
analyses provide evidence of a significant and clear
association between democratic experience and health.
These results provide a general, global picture of
the relationship between democracy and population
health; policy makers and practitioners should consider
this national-level evidence and other context-specific
information in developing health and governance
promotion programmes. The factors included in our

1637
Articles

 

1638

decomposition analysis together explained less than
three-quarters of the total variance for some causes:
other factors not considered here might play important
roles in dictating those health outcomes, and warrant
further research.

Second, although GBD 2016 provides the only
comprehensive data on cause-specific mortality and
burden in all countries, this effort relies on modelling
estimates when data are sparse. Data are more likely to
be sparse in low-income countries, particularly for causes
like cardiovascular diseases and other non-communicable
diseases. The GBD collaboration takes great measures
to correct for this bias, both using statistical methods
to capture uncertainty and consulting more than
2500 collaborators in 133 countries. However, these data
do not directly derive from survey data and thus must be
interpreted as modelled estimates. The V-Dem project
relies on the responses of multiple country experts to a
range of precise survey questions to construct estimates
of regime characteristics. The nature of the indicators
means that measurement error will occur if experts make
a mistake, are subject to bias, or use different rating
thresholds. The compilers of the V-Dem data take a
number of steps to correct for those potential sources of
error, including Bayesian item response modelling.“

The results of this study suggest that elections and the
health of the people are increasingly inseparable.
Democratic institutions and processes, and particularly
free and fair elections, can be an important catalyst for
improving population health, with the largest health
gains possible for cardiovascular and other non-com-
municable diseases. Conversely, efforts to separate
population health from elections and the other hallmarks
of democracy might be less successful, especially as
aid budgets are stagnant and countries needs shift to
non-communicable diseases, injuries, and adult health.
This study suggests that democratic governance and its
promotion, along with other government accountability
measures, might further enhance efforts to improve
population health.

This conclusion might discomfort some. Many global
health practitioners might fear that the more political
global health assistance becomes, the more it will under-
mine the productive relationships with local governments
on which that assistance depends, spurring suspicions
about purportedly well-intentioned outside initiatives.
Global health is marketed as a rational, scientific domain
with universal aims—the promotion of wellbeing, equity,
and reduced poverty. Global health has definite goals and
measurable indicators. Politics is a subjective, normative
enterprise, on which the signs of progress might be hard
to agree. With the political turmoil in the USA and Europe,
the case for democracy has never seemed dimmer. Many
in global health might see working with authoritarian
governments as a preferred, more effective option.

This reticence about democracy promotion is under-
standable, but it ignores the inevitably political nature of

many current global health objectives. As shown by the
debates over quality universal health care in the USA,
sugar-sweetened beverage taxes in Mexico, or accessibility
of affordable cancer drugs in India, many of the issues
that are likely to dominate global health in the future
are often divisive. These issues involve fundamental
questions regarding the role of the state in society and the
balance between individual, collective, and commercial
interests. Ignoring the role of civil society, a free media,
and open and accountable government in resolving these
debates undermines efforts to build institutional capacity
and the popular support needed for sustained population
health improvements. Pretending otherwise is akin to
believing that the solution to a nation's crumbling roads
and infrastructure is just a technical schematic and
cheaper materials.

Contributors

TJB conceptualised this paper and its policy implications and coauthored
the manuscript. TT and SW did the quantitative analyses and coauthored
the manuscript. JLD consulted on the methodology. DS and MC
contributed to the background research, figures, and editing.

Declaration of interests
We declare no competing interests.

Acknowledgments

Wie thank Merykokeb Belay, Abigail Chapin, Ewodaghe Harrell,

Sean Joyce, and Molly Miller-Petrie for their assistance with this Article.
This Article is based, in part, on previous work.”

References

1 Global Burden of Disease Collaborative Network, Institute for
Health Metrics and Evaluation. Global Burden of Disease Study
2016 (GBD 2016) all-cause under-S mortality, adult mortality, and
life expectancy 1970-2016. 2017 http://ghdx.healthdata.org/recordy
global-burden-discase-study-2016-gbd-2016-all-cause-under-5-
mortality-adult-mortality-and (accessed July 10, 2018).

2 Coppedge M, Gerring], Knutsen CH, etal. V-Dem [Country-Year/
Country-Date] dataset—version 8. V-Dem Varieties of Democracy
Project. 2018. https:/ /www.v-dem.net/en/data [data-version-8/
(accessed July 10, 2018).

3. Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation. Development assistance
for health database 1990-2016. Seattle: Institute for Health Metrics.
and Evaluation, 2017 http://ghdx healthdata.org record
development-assistance-health-database-1990-2016
(accessed July 10, 2018).

4 Easterly W, Williamson CR. Rhetoric versus reality: the best
and worst of aid agency practices. World Dev 2011; 39: 1930-49.

S — Easterly W, Pfutze T. Where does the money go? Best and worst
practices in foreign aid. J Econ Perspect 2008; 22: 29-52.

6 Dreher A, Fuchs A. Rogue aid? An empirical analysis of China's aid
allocation. Can J Econ 2016; 48: 988-1023.

7 Ottersen'T Kamath A, Moon S, Martinsen L, Rettingen ).
Development assistance for health: vihat criteria do multi
and bilateral funders use? Health Econ Policy Law 2017; 12: 223-44.

8 Barber L. Women's rights, cricket unites, and an audience with
Paul Kagame: Lionel Barber's Rwanda diary. Financial Times 2017
https:/ [www ft. com /content/202cb906-8800-11e7-Bbbi-SbaS7d47eft7
(accessed July 9, 2018).

9 Besley T Kudamatsu M. Health and democracy. Am Econ Rev 2006;
96: 313-18.

10 Sen A. Development as freedom. New York: Anchor Books, 1999.

1 Wigley'S, AkkoyunluWigley A. The impact of democracy and
media freedom on under-5 mortality, 1961-2011. Soc Sci Med 2017;
190: 23746.

12 Gerring], Thacker SC, Alfaro R. Democracy and human
development.  Polit 2012; 74: 1-17.

13 Kudamatsu M. Has democratization reduced infant mortality in
sub-Saharan Africa? Evidence from micro data. J Eur Econ Assoc
2012; 10: 1294-377.

 

 

 

www thelancet.com Vol 393 April20, 2019
Articles

 

14 MeGuire JW. Political regime and social performance.
Contemporary Politics 2013; 19: 55-75.

15. Pieters H, Curzi D, Olper A, Swinnen ]. Effect of democratic reforms
onchild mortality: a synthetic control analysis. Lancet Glob Health
2016; 4: 0627-32.

16 Ross ML. Is democracy good for the poor? Am J Polit Sci 2006;

50: 860-74.

17 Halleród E, Rothstein B, Daoud A, Nandy S. Bad governance and
poor children: a comparative analysis of government efficiency
and severe child deprivation in 68 low- and middle-income
countries. World Dev 2013; 48: 19-31.

18 Houweling TA], Caspar AEK, Looman WN, Mackenbach JP.
Determinants of under-S mortality among the poor and the rich:

a cross-national analysis of 43 developing countries. Int J Epidemiol
2005; 34: 1257-65.

19 Shandra JM, Nobles ], London B, Williamson JB. Dependency,
democracy, and infant mortality: a quantitative, cross-national
analysis of less developed countries. Soc Sci Med 2004; 59: 321-33.

20 Truex R. The myth of the democratic advantage. Stud Comp Int Dev
2015; 52: 26177.

21 Muka T, Imo D, Jaspers L, etal. The global impact of
non-communicable diseases on healthcare spending and national
income: a systematic review. Eur J Epidemiol 2015; 30: 251-77.

22 GBD 2016 Mortality Collaborators. Global, regional, and national
under mortality, adult mortality, age-specific mortality, and life
expectancy, 1970-2016: a systematic analysis for the Global Burden
of Disease Study 2016. Lancet 2017; 390: 1084-150.

23 Safaei ]. Is democracy good for health? Int J Health Serv 2006;
36:767-86.

24 Mackenbach JP, Hu Y, Looman CW. Democratization and life
expectancy in Europe, 1960-2008. Soc Sci Med 2013; 93: 16-75.

25 UN President ofthe General Assembly. Political declaration of the
3rd high-level meeting of the General Assembly on the prevention
and control of non-communicable diseases: draft resolution. 2018.
htps://digitallibrary-un.org/record/1645265?ln=en
(accessed Oct 19, 2018).

26 UN President ofthe General Assembly. Political declaration of the
high-evel meeting of the General Assembly on the fight against
tuberculosis: draft resolution. 2018. https://digitallibraryun.org/
record/1645268?In=en (accessed Oct 19, 2018).

27 Dieleman JL, Haakenstad A, Micah A, etal. Spending on health and
HIV/AIDS: domestic health spending and development assistance
in 188 countries, 1995-2015. Lancet 2018; 391: 1799-829.

28 GBD 2015 HIV Collaborators. Estimates of global, regional,
and national incidence, prevalence, and mortality of HIV, 1980-2015:
the Global Burden of Disease Study 2015. Lancet HIV 2016;
3:c361-87.

29 Global Burden of Discase Health Financing Collaborator Network.
Global health spending 1995-2015. Seattle: Institute for Health
Metrics and Evaluation, 2017 http://ghdx healthdata.org/record/
global-health-spending-1995-2015 (accessed July 10, 2018).

30 Global Burden of Discase Collaborative Network. Global Burden of
Disease Study 2016 (GBD 2016) covariates 1980-2016. Seattle:
Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation, 2017. http://ghdx.
healthdata org record /global-burden-discase-study-2016-gbd-2016-
covariates-1980-2016 (accesscd July 10, 2018).

31 Naghavi M, Abajobir AA, Abbafati C, et al. Global, regional,
and national age-sex specific mortality for 264 causes of death,
1980-2016: a systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease
Study 2016. Lancet 2017; 390: 1151-210.

32 World Bank. World Development Indicators 2017. Washington, DC:
World Bank, 2017. https: //openknoviledge.worldbankorg/
handle 10986/26447?locale-attribute=en (accessed July 10, 2018).

33 International Monetary Fund. World economic outlook database:
April 2017 edition. 2017 https://wwwimf.org/external pubs/fij
weo/2018/01/weodata index aspx (accessed Aug 25, 2017).

34 Maddison A. Statistics on world population, GDP, and per capita
GDP 1-2008 AD. Groningen: Groningen Growth and Development
Centre, 2010. http://ghdxhealthdata.org/record/statistics-world-
population-gdp-and-capita-gdp-1-2008-ad (accessed July 10, 2018).

35 Summers R, Heston A, Kravis 1. Penn World Table. University of
Pennsylvania (Penn) Center for International Comparisons of
Production, Income, and Prices. 2017. https://wwv:rug.nl/ggde/
productivity/pwt/ (accessed Aug 25, 2017).

wunwthelancet.com Vol393 April 20,2019

36

37

38

39

4a

42

43

45

4

49

so

s1

s2

53

s4

55

56

s7

James SL, Gubbins P, Murray CJL, Gakidou E. Developing a
comprehensive time series of GDP per capita for 210 countries
from 1950 to 2015. Popul Health Metr 2012; 10: 12.

Abadie A, Gardeazabal ]. The economic costs of conffict: a case
study of the Basque Country. Am Econ Rev 2003; 93: 113-32.

Cavallo E, Galiani S, Noy [, Pantano ]. Catastrophic natural disasters
and economic growth. Rev Econ Stat 2013; 95: 1549-61.

Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation. Financing global

health 2017: funding universal health coverage and the unfinished
HIV/AIDS agenda. Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation. 2018.
http:/wvrvehcalthdata.org/ policy-report;financing-global-health-2017
(accessed Oct 19, 2018).

Deacon RT. Public good provision under dictatorship and democracy.
Public Choice 2009; 139: 241-62.

Lake DA, Baum MA. The invisible hand of democracy: political
control and the provision of public services. Comp Polit Stud 2001;
34: 587-621.

Daniels ME, Donion TE, Bollyky TJ. The emerging global health

crisis: noncommunicable diseases in low and middle-income
countries. Independent task force report of council on foreign
relations no. 72. New York: Council on Forcign Relations Press, 2014.
https:/ Jerwwecfiorg/report/emerging-global-health-crisis

(accessed June 21, 2018).

Gaziano TA, Pagidipati N. Scaling up chronic disease prevention
interventions in lower- and midde-income countries.

Anmu Rev Public Health 2013; 34: 37-35.

Bloom BR, Atun R, Cohen T, etal. Tuberculosis. In: Discase control
priorities, 3rd edn, vol 6. Major infectious diseases. Washington,
DC: The World Bank, 2017: 233-313.

WHO. Global status report on road safety 2015. Geneva: World Health
Organization, 2015. http://wrwrww Now York hointjviolence injury
prevention/road safety. status/2015 Jony (accessed June 21, 2018).
Kruk ME, Gage AD, Arsenault C, etal. High-quality health systems
in the Sustainable Development Goals era: time for a revolution.
Lancet Glob Health 2018; 6: e1196-252.

Kruk ME, Gage AD, Joseph NT, et al. Mortality due to low-quality
health systems in the Universal Health Coverage era: a systematic
analysis of amenable deaths in 137 countries. Lancet 2018;
392:2203-12.

Fitzmaurice C, Akinyemiju TF, Hasan Al Lami F, etal.

Global, regional, and national cancer incidence, mortality, years of
life lost, years lived with disability, and disability-adjusted lifeyears
for 29 cancer groups, 1990 to 2016: a systematic analysis for the
Global Burden of Disease Study. JAMA Oncol 2017; 3: 524-48.
Kiadaliri AA, Woolf AD, Englund M. Musculoskeletal disorders as
underying cause of death in 58 countries, 1986-2011: trend analysis
of WHO mortality database. BMC Musculoskelet Disord 2017; 18: 62.
Whiteford HA, Ferrari AJ, Degenhardt L, Feigin V, Vos T. The global
burden of mental, neurological and substance use disorders:

an analysis from the Global Burden of Discase Study 2010.

PLoS One 2015; 10: cO116820.

Ford ES, Ajani UA, Croft JB, et al. Explaining the decrease in

U.S. deaths from coronary disease 1980-2000. N Engl J Med 2007;
356: 2388-98.

Ezzati M, Riboli E. Can noncommunicable discases be prevented?
Lessons from studies of populations and individuals. Science 2012;
337: 1482-87

Human Rights Watch. Development without freedom: how aid
underwrites repression in Ethiopia. New York: Human Rights
Watch, 2010. https: /wwrwhrwcorg/sites /dofaultfiles/reports /
ethiopialO1Owebwcover pdf (accessed July 10, 2018).

Khemani S. Buying votes versus supplying public services: polit
incentives to under-invest in pro-poor polícies. J Dev Econ 20)
17:84-93.

Bollyky TJ, Templin T, Cohen M, Dieleman JL. Lowerincome
countries that face the most rapid shift in noncommunicable disease
burden are also the least prepared. Health Aff 2017; 36: 1866-75.

The World Bank. Human capital index. Human capital project.
2018. http://veww.worldbank.org en /publication /human-capital
(accessed Oct 19, 2018).

Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation. Global human capital
estimates 1990-2016. Seattle: Institute for Health Metrics and
Evaluation, 2018. http:/ /ghdx.healthdata.org/record/global-human-
capital-estimates-1990-2016 (accessed Oct 19, 2018).

  

 

 

   

  

 

 

1639
Articles

 

1640

o

o
so

Kieny M-P, Evans TE, Scarpetta S. Delivering quality health
services: a global imperative. World Bank 2018; 1: 1-100.

National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine.
Crossing the global quality chasm: improving health care
worldwide. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press, 2018.
The Lancet. NCD Countdown 2030: strengthening accountability.
Lancet 2018; 392: 986.

 

Bennett JE, Stevens GA, Mathers CD, et al. NCD Countdown 2030:

worldwide trends in non-communicable disease mortality and
progress towards Sustainable Development Goal target 3.4. Lancer
2018; 392: 1072-588.

Reid MJA, Goosby E. Eradicating TB. BMJ 2018; 362: 3918.

Lloyd L. European approaches to democracy promotion.
International Journal 2010; 65: 47-59.

6

9

Carothers T, de Gramont D. Development aid confronts politic:
the almost revolution. Washington, DC: Camegie Endowment for
International Peace, 2013.

Carothers T. The closing space challenge: how are funders
responding? Washington, DC: Carnegie Endowment for
International Peace, 2015.
Marquandt KL, Pemstein D. IRT models for expert-coded panel
data. Political Analysis 2018; 26: 431-56.

Bollyky TJ. Plagues and the paradox of progress: why the world is.
getting healthier in worrisome ways. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press,
2018.

 

 

www thelancet.com Vol 393 April20, 2019
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

 

ORIGINAL ARTICLE

 

 

 

BNT162b2 mRNA Covid-19 Vaccine
in a Nationwide Mass Vaccination Setting
Noa Dagan, M.D., Noam Barda, M.D., Eldad Kepten, Ph.D., Oren Miron, M.A.,

Shay Perchik, M.A., Mark A. Katz, M.D., Miguel A. Hernán, M.D.,
Marc Lipsitch, D.Phil., Ben Reis, Ph.D., and Ran D. Balicer, M.D.

 

ABSTRACT

 

BACKGROUND
As mass vaccination campaigns against coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) com-
mence worldwide, vaccine effectiveness needs to be assessed for a range of out-
comes across diverse populations in a noncontrolled setting. In this study, data
from Israel's largest health care organization were used to evaluate the effective-
ness of the BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine.

METHODS
All persons who were newly vaccinated during the period from December 20, 2020,
to February 1, 2021, were matched to unvaccinated controls in a 1:1 ratio according
to demographic and clinical characteristics. Study outcomes included documented
infection with the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2),
symptomatic Covid-19, Covid-19-related hospitalization, severe illness, and death.
We estimated vaccine effectiveness for each outcome as one minus the risk ratio,
using the Kaplan-Meier estimator.

RESULTS
Each study group included 596,618 persons. Estimated vaccine effectiveness for the
study outcomes at days 14 through 20 after the first dose and at 7 or more days after
the second dose was as follows: for documented infection, 46% (95% confidence
interval [CN, 40 to 51) and 92% (95% CI, 88 to 95); for symptomatic Covid-19, 57%
(95% CI, 50 to 63) and 94% (95% CI, 87 to 98); for hospitalization, 74% (95% CI,
56 to 86) and 87% (95% CI, 55 to 100); and for severe disease, 62% (95% CI, 39 to
80) and 92% (95% CI, 75 to 100), respectively. Estimated effectiveness in prevent-
ing death from Covid-19 was 72% (95% CI, 19 to 100) for days 14 through 20 after
the first dose. Estimated effectiveness in specific subpopulations assessed for
documented infection and symptomatic Covid-19 was consistent across age groups,
with potentially slightly lower effectiveness in persons with multiple coexisting
conditions.

CONCLUSIONS
This study in a nationwide mass vaccination setting suggests that the BNT162b2
mRNA vaccine is effective for a wide range of Covid-19-related outcomes, a finding
consistent with that of the randomized trial.

N ENGL) MED NEJM.ORG

From the Clalit Research Institute, Inno-
vation Division, Clalit Health Services,
Tel Aviv (N.D, N.B,, EK. OM, S.P,
M.A.K., R.D.B), and the School of Public
Health, Faculty of Health Sciences, Ben
Gurion University of the Negev, Be'er
Sheva (O.M. M.A.K, R.D.8)) — both in
Israel; University of Michigan School of
Public Health, Ann Arbor (M.A.K); and
the Department of Biomedical Informat-
ics (N.D., N.8.), Harvard Medical School
(B.RJ, the Departments of Epidemiology
and Biostatistics (M.A.H), and the Cen-
ter for Communicable Disease Dynam-
cs, Departments of Epidemiology and
of Immunology and Infectious Diseases
(M.L), Harvard T.H. Chan School of Pub-
lic Health, Harvard-MIT Division of Health
Sciences and Technology (M.A.H.), and
the Predictive Medicine Group, Compu-
tational Health Informatics Program,
Boston Children's Hospital (8.R) — all
in Boston. Address reprint requests to
Dr. Balicer at the Clalit Research Insti-
tute, Innovation Division, Clalit Health
Services, Tel Aviv, Israel, or at RbalicerQ
clalitorg.l.

Drs. Dagan and Barda contributed equal-
ly to this article.

This article was published on February 24,
2021, at NEJM.org.

DOI: 10.1056/NEJMoa2101765
Copyright (O 2021 Massachusetts Medical Society.
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

ASS VACCINATION CAMPAIGNS USING

newly approved vaccines against the

severe acute respiratory syndrome coro-
navirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2)»? are beginning in many
parts of the world. Randomized clinical trials of
mRNA-based vaccines reported efficacies for
preventing coronavirus 2019 (Covid-19) in the
range of 94%? to 95%.!

Although randomized clinical trials are con-
sidered the “gold standard” for evaluating inter-
vention effects, they have notable limitations of
sample size and subgroup analysis, restrictive
inclusion criteria, and a highly controlled setting
that may not be replicated in a mass vaccine
rollout. For example, the phase 3 trial of the
BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine against Covid-19 in-
cluded 21,720 persons who were randomly as-
signed to the vaccinated group, which permitted
estimates of vaccine efficacy in only a small
number of subpopulations.! Moreover, patients
with chronic diseases were included only if the
conditions were deemed stable by the investiga-
tors.? It is also important to see whether in a
scaled-up vaccination program such factors as
suboptimal adherence to vaccination schedules
and vaccine-handling logistics influence vaccine
effectiveness. Postauthorization analyses can thus
meet the urgent need to evaluate the effective-
ness of Covid-19 vaccines across diverse popula-
tions with a wide range of coexisting conditions,
in the midst of imperfect adherence to vaccina-
tion protocols and the challenges of cold-chain
maintenance and vaccine-deployment logistics.

We leveraged the integrated data repositories
of Israel's largest health care organization to
evaluate Covid-19 vaccine effectiveness for five
outcomes: documented SARS-CoV-2 infection,
symptomatic Covid-19, hospitalization, severe
illness, and death. Using this observational data
set, we evaluated the effectiveness over time and
in subpopulations defined by age, sex, and co-
existing conditions.

METHODS

STUDY POPULATION
We analyzed data from Clalit Health Services
(CHS), the largest of four integrated health care
organizations in Israel, which insures 4.7 mil-
lion patients (53% of the population). A descrip-
tion of the CHS data repositories used for this
study is provided in the Supplementary Appen-

N ENGL) MED

dix (Supplementary Methods 1), available with
the full text of this article at NEJM.org. Informa-
tion on authors” access to these repositories as
well as authors” contributions to the study is pro-
vided in Supplementary Methods 2. This study
was approved by the CHS institutional review
board. The study was exempt from the require-
ment for informed consent.

STUDY DESIGN
We designed this observational study to emulate
atarget trial of the causal effect of the BNT162b2
vaccine on Covid-19 outcomes. Eligibility criteria
included an age of 16 years or older, not having
a previously documented positive SARS-CoV-2
polymerase-chain-reaction (PCR) test, and being
a member of the health care organization during
the previous 12 months.

Population groups in which internal variability
in the probability of exposure or the outcomes is
high and controlling for the high variability is
not feasible (e.g., high variability in infection
risk among patient-facing health care workers in
dedicated Covid-19 wards as compared with ad-
ministrative staff) were excluded. Such popula-
tion groups are persons not having a document-
ed geostatistical living area, those who have had
interactions with the health care system during
the preceding 3 days that may indicate the start
of symptomatic disease and may preclude vacci-
nation, nursing home residents, persons medical-
ly confined to the home, or health care workers.

Each day during the period from December 20,
2020, to February 1, 2021, all newly vaccinated
persons were matched in a 1:1 ratio to unvacci-
nated controls. For each person, follow-up ended
at the earliest of the following events: occur-
rence of an outcome event, death unrelated to
Covid-19, vaccination (for unvaccinated controls),
vaccination of the matched control (for vacci-
nated persons), or the end of the study period.
Newly vaccinated persons were eligible for inclu-
sion in the study, even if they had previously
been selected as a control.

We matched vaccine recipients and controls
on variables associated with the probability of
both vaccination and infection or severity of
Covid-19: age, sex, sector (general Jewish, Arab,
or ultra-Orthodox Jewish), neighborhood of resi-
dence (since disease activity and vaccination
uptake vary greatly across defined geostatistical
areas), history of influenza vaccination during

NEJM.ORG
BNT162B2 MRNA VACCINE IN À MASS VACCINATION SETTING

the preceding 5 years (0,1 or 2,3 or 4, or >5
vaccinations), pregnancy (a potential risk factor
for severe Covid-19 and associated with the rate
of vaccination owing to evolving vaccination
guidelines for pregnant women), and the total
number of coexisting conditions that had been
identified by the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) as risk factors for severe
Covid-19 as of December 20, 2020.º” (See Supple-
mentary Methods 3 for additional information
about the matching process. The protocol and
statistical analysis plan are available at NEJM.org.)

The five outcomes of interest were document-
ed SARS-CoV-2 infection confirmed by positive
PCR test, documented symptomatic Covid-19,
hospital admission for Covid-19, severe Covid-19
(according to National Institutes of Health crite-
ria)º and death from Covid-19. Each of these
outcomes includes the outcomes that follow it.
In a supplementary analysis, we also evaluated an
additional outcome, SARS-CoV-2 infection with-
out documented symptoms, as an imperfect proxy
for asymptomatic infection (since mild symptoms
may not be documented).

Table S1 provides details on definitions of
variables. Persons with missing data for smoking
status or body-mass index (BMI) were dropped
from the analysis.

STATISTICAL ANALYSIS
Covariate balance after matching was evaluated
with the use of a plot of the mean differences
between variable values (standardized for con-
tinuous variables) for the vaccinated and unvac-
cinated groups, with a difference of 0.1 or less
considered to be acceptable.º Survival curves for
the vaccinated and unvaccinated groups were
estimated with the Kaplan-Meier estimator.!?
We considered three periods: days 14 through 20
after the first dose of vaccine, days 21 through
27 after the first dose (administration of the
second dose was scheduled to occur on day 21
after the first dose), and day 7 after the second
dose until the end of the follow-up. For each
period, we used the Kaplan-Meier estimator with
daily outcome and censoring events to compute
the probability (“risk”) of the outcome during the
period, using matched pairs in which both per-
sons were still at risk at the beginning of the
period. We then calculated risk ratios for vacci-
nation as compared with no vaccination and
estimated the vaccine effectiveness as one minus

N ENGL) MED

the risk ratio. We estimated the vaccine effec-
tiveness only in analyses in which there were
more than 10 instances of an outcome across
the two groups.

The period immediately after the first dose,
when immunity is gradually building,! was ex-
cluded in the main analyses because the risk ratio
is expected to be close to 1 during this period.
In secondary analyses, we considered the periods
from day O through day 20 and day O through
day 27, to avoid a potential selection bias in the
main analyses that were restricted to persons
whose data remained uncensored at the beginning
of each period (see Supplementary Methods 4)!
We also conducted a sensitivity analysis in the
6 days after the second dose of vaccine among
those who received a second dose. A further
sensitivity analysis estimated the hazard ratio
each day for the documented SARS-CoV-2 infec-
tion outcome.

We performed an additional sensitivity analy-
sis to assess the potential for selection bias due
to informative censoring. In this analysis, data on
controls who were subsequently vaccinated were
censored only after 7 days (i.e., after the period
with little or no vaccine effect) plus the median
time from documented Covid-19 diagnosis to the
outcome being studied.

We calculated 95% confidence intervals using
the percentile bootstrap method with 500 repeti-
tions. Analyses were performed with the use of
R software, version 4.0.2.

RESULTS

STUDY POPULATION
Of 1,503,216 CHS members who were vaccinat-
ed, 1,163,534 were eligible for the study and
596,618 were matched to unvaccinated controls
(Fig. 1). Matched persons were younger than the
eligible population overall and had a lower preva-
lence of chronic conditions because there was a
smaller pool of potential unvaccinated matches
for older vaccine recipients, owing to high vac-
cination rates in the older population (Table S2
and Fig. S1). The baseline characteristics of the
matched persons are shown in Table 1. All vari-
ables were well balanced between the study
groups (Fig. S2). About 0.6% of persons with
missing data on smoking status or body-mass
index were dropped from the analysis (Fig. 1).
Data for 44% of the unvaccinated controls and

NEJM.ORG
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

 

 

3,159,136 Participants (CHS members, =16 yr of age without
a documented SARS-CoV-2 PCR-positive result) as of the beginning
of the vaccination campaign (December 20, 2020) were included

 

 

 

[o TP

 

 

 

1,503,216 (47.6%) Were vaccinated
before February 1, 2021

 

1,655,920 (52.456) Were not
vaccinated before February 1, 2021

 

 

 

 

 

 

339,682 (22.69) Were excluded
26,282 (1.75%) Were confined to the
home or were nursing home
residents
25,184 (1.75%) Were health care
workers
19,378 (1.35%) Did not have con-
tinuous CHS membership
59,042 (3.95%) Did not have mapped
home address available
7,970 (0.55%) Did not have BMI
or smoking status data
available
201,826 (13.49) Had a health care
interaction within 3 days
before the vaccination date

 

 

1,163,534 (77.496)
included in the v:

Were eligible to be
accination cohort

 

 

 

393,576 (33.896) Were not matched

 

 

 

 

769,958 (66.29) Were matched

 

 

 

259,941
before receiving vaccination

Were matched as controls.

 

 

N

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

596,618 Were included in the e 11 596,618 Were included in the
vaccinated the cohort Matching unvaccinated cohort
86,601 Were rematched to the

vaccinated cohort after =

 

 

receiving vaccination

 

 

 

Figure 1. Study Population and Cohort Enrollment Process,

more than one reason for exclusion. The same exclusion cri

Clalit Health Services.

 

The 1,503,216 persons vaccinated before February 1, 2021, were also required to be without a documented SARS-Cov-2
PCR-positive result before the vaccination date. Absolute numbers and percentage changes are shown for each in-
clusion and exclusion criterion. The exclusion process was gradual and occurred in phases; persons could have had

index date in which they were considered for matching. The chart focuses on the vaccinated population. CHS denotes

December 20, 2020, to February 1, 2021.

teria were applied to the unvaccinated persons for each

 

 

 

their matched pairs were censored when the con-
trols received the vaccine.

VACCINE EFFECTIVENESS

During a mean follow-up of 15 days (interquar-
tile range, 5 to 25), 10,561 infections were docu-

N ENGL) MED

mented (0.6 infections per 1000 person-days), of
which 5996 (57%) were symptomatic Covid-19
illness, 369 required hospitalization, 229 were
severe cases of Covid-19, and 41 resulted in death.
Hospitalizations, severe disease, and death oc-
curred at increasing time spans from diagnosis

NEJM.ORG
BNT162B2 MRNA VACCINE IN À MASS VACCINATION SETTING

(median times, 1, 5, and 11 days, respectively;
see Fig. S3). Of persons who had 21 or more days
of follow-up, 96% received a second dose of vac-
cine (95% of whom received it before day 24).

Figure 2 shows the cumulative incidence
curves for the included outcomes, and Table 2
shows the estimated vaccine effectiveness for
the main outcomes and time periods. During the
period ftom 14 to 20 days after the first dose,
the estimated vaccine effectiveness for docu-
mented infection was 46% (95% confidence in-
terval [CI], 40 to 51); symptomatic Covid-19 ill-
ness, 57% (95% CI, 50 to 63); hospitalization,
74% (95% CI, 56 to 86); severe illness, 62% (95%
CI, 39 to 80); and death, 72% (95% CI, 19 to
100). During the period from 21 to 27 days after
the first dose, the estimated effectiveness for
these outcomes was 60% (95% CI, 53 to 66),
66% (95% CI, 57 to 73), 78% (95% CI, 61 to 91),
80% (95% CI, 59 to 94), and 84% (95% CI, 44 to
100), respectively. In the follow-up period start-
ing 7 days after the second dose, the vaccine
effectiveness for documented infections, symp-
tomatic illness, hospitalization, and severe dis-
ease was 92% (95% CI, 88 to 95), 94% (95% CI,
87 to 98), 87% (95% CI, 55 to 100), and 92%
(95% CI, 75 to 100), respectively. The daily value
for one minus the hazard ratio for the docu-
mented infection outcome is included in Figure
S4; it is consistent with a gradual daily increase
in vaccine effectiveness.

Table 3 shows the estimated vaccine effective-
ness for documented SARS-CoV-2 infection and
Covid-19 outcomes in subpopulations defined by
age, sex, and coexisting conditions. The estimates
are consistent with similar effectiveness across
age groups and slightly lower effectiveness among
patients with multiple coexisting conditions.

The estimated vaccine effectiveness for the
asymptomatic infection proxy was 29% (95% CI,
17 to 39) during the period from 14 to 20 days
after the first dose, 52% (95% CI, 41 to 60) 21 to
27 days after the first dose, and 90% (95% CI,
83 to 94) 7 or more days after the second dose
(Table S3 and Fig. 85).

Figure S6 shows a magnification of the cumu-
lative incidence curve for the symptomatic illness
outcome, showing the divergence of the curves
starting around day 12. This is shown in compari-
son with the same curve from an analysis mini-
mally matched (on age and sex only) that shows
an earlier and wider separation of the curves.

N ENGL) MED

Table S4 shows the sensitivity analyses of vac-
cine effectiveness across additional follow-up
periods. Cumulative effectiveness estimates start-
ing from day O were lower across all outcomes.
Effectiveness estimates conditional on receipt of
the second dose of vaccine were higher than
unconditional estimates for days 21 through 27
after the first dose.

Table S5 and Figure S7 show the results of the
sensitivity analysis in which data for persons who
were enrolled as controls and were then vacci-
nated were censored at a delay (a number of days
after the vaccination date, depending on the
outcome). The estimates are similar to those of
the main analysis. Table S6 details all analyses
performed during the study, and Table S7 in-
cludes the life tables for the various outcomes.

DISCUSSION

This study evaluates the effectiveness of the novel
BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine! against Covid-19 in a
nationwide mass vaccination setting. Estimated
vaccine effectiveness during the follow-up period
starting 7 days after the second dose was 92%
for documented infection, 94% for symptomatic
Covid-19, 87% for hospitalization, and 92% for
severe Covid-19. Estimated effectiveness during
days 14 through 20 (after one dose) and days 21
through 27 (gradual shifting between the first
and second vaccine doses) was 46% and 60% for
documented infection, 57% and 66% for symp-
tomatic Covid-19, 74% and 78% for hospitaliza-
tion, 62% and 80% for severe Covid-19, and 72%
and 84% for Covid-19-related death, respectively.

The first primary end point evaluated in the
randomized trial of the BNT162b2 vaccine was
symptomatic Covid-19. In both the randomized
trial and our study, the cumulative incidence of
symptomatic Covid-19 in the vaccinated and un-
vaccinated groups began to diverge around day
12 after the first dose.! The estimated vaccine
efficacy for symptomatic Covid-19 starting at
day 7 after the second dose was 95% in the ran-
domized trial, as compared with 94% in our
study. The estimated efficacy between the first
dose and the second dose was 52% in the trial, as
compared with 29% in our study. This difference
may reflect the high level of transmission in Israel
during the study period,“ which affected both the
vaccinated persons and the controls equally dur-
ing the first 12 days after administration of the

NEJM.ORG
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

Table 1. Demographic and Clinical Characteristics of Vaccinated Persons and Unvaccinated Controls at Baseline.*

 

 

Characteristics
Median age (IQR) —yr
Age group — no. (96)
16to 39 yr
40t0 49 y
50t059 yr
60to 69 yr
70t079y
=80 yr
Sex— no. (9%)
Female
Male
Population sector — no. (96)
General Jewish
Arab
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish
No. of risk factors according to CDC criteria — no. (%6)
o
1
2
3
=
No. of influenza vaccinations during preceding 5 yr — no. (96)
o
lor2
3or4
=
CDC “certain” risk criteria — no. of persons (%6)
Cancer
Chronic kidney disease
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Heart disease
Solid-organ transplantation
Obesity: BMI, 30 to 40
Severe obesity: BMI, =40
Pregnancy
Sickle cell disease
Smoking
Type 2 diabetes mellitus
CDC “possible” risk criteria — no. of persons (%6)
Asthma

Cerebrovascular disease

Unvaccinated Controls

(N=596,618)
45 (35-62)

213,090 (35.7)
130,752 (21.9)
85,609 (14.3)
88,153 (14.8)
56,946 (9.5)
22,068 (3.7)

298,059 (50.0)
298,559 (50.0)

463,234 (77.6)
120,896 (20.3)
12,488 (2.1)

338,384 (56.7)
140,779 (23.6)
55,766 (9.3)
29,273 (4.9)
32,416 (5.4)

351,141 (58.9)
116,200 (19.5)
50,441 (8.5)
78,836 (13.2)

11,946 (2.0)
40,568 (6.8)
12,667 (2.1)
39,165 (6.6)

495 (01)
100,584 (16.9)
9,856 (1.7)
1,508 (0.3)

98 (<0.1)

118,733 (19.9)

66,198 (11.1)

32,114 (5.4)
18,392 (3.1)

Vaccinated Persons
(N=596,618)

45 (35-62)

213,090 (35.7)
130,752 (21.9)
85,609 (14.3)
88,153 (14.8)
56,946 (9.5)
22,068 (3.7)

298,059 (50.0)
298,559 (50.0)

463,234 (77.6)
120,896 (20.3)
12,488 (2.1)

338,384 (56.7)
140,779 (23.6)
55,766 (9.3)
29,273 (4.9)
32,416 (5.4)

351,141 (58.9)
116,200 (19.5)
50,441 (8.5)
78,836 (13.2)

11,595 (1.9)
40,587 (6.8)
11,331 (1.9)
38,913 (6.5)

435 (0.1)

105,476 (17.7)

8,920 (1.5)

1,508 (0.3)
109 (<0.1)
97,881 (16.4)
65,343 (11.0)

29,814 (5.0)
17,792 (3.0)

 

N ENGL) MED

NEJM.ORG

 
BNT162B2

MENA VACCINE IN À MASS VACCINATION SETTING

 

Table 1. (Continued.)

 

Characteristics
Other respiratory disease
Hypertension
Immunosuppression
Neurologic disease
Liver disease
Overweight: BMI, 25 to 30
Thalassemia

Type 1 diabetes mellitus

 

Unvaccinated Controls Vaccinated Persons

(N=596,618) (N=596,618)
2,198 (0.4) 2,014 (0.3)

101,017 (16.9) 103,028 (17.3)
15,823 (2.7) 16,180 (2.7)
25,897 (4.3) 24,111 (4.0)
11,109 (1.9) 9,699 (1.6)

203,296 (34.1) 212,778 (35.7)
3,764 (0.6) 3,967 (0.7)

2,309 (0.4) 2,406 (0.4)

 

 

* The 86,601 persons who were first recruited as unvaccinated controls and then, after vaccination, were re-recruited
as vaccinated persons appear in both groups. BMI denotes body-mass index (the weight in lálograms divided by the
square of the height in meters), CDC Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and IQR interquartile range.

 

first dose. To eliminate this distortion, we esti-
mated first-dose effectiveness of the vaccine
against Covid-19 for the period from days 14
through 20; the estimated effectiveness was 57%.

The estimated effectiveness for documented
infection during days 14 through 20 was 46% in
our study. A relatively similar effectiveness of
51% was reported by Chodick et al.,* who evalu-
ated a cohort from another health care organiza-
tion in Israel and used a different study design
that compared infection among vaccinated per-
sons at days 13 through 24 after the first dose
against infection during days O through 12.

In the randomized trial, the estimated vac-
cine efficacy for severe Covid-19 (89% over the
entire study period) was based on only 10 cases.
Our study recorded 229 cases of severe Covid-19
— 55 in the vaccinated group and 174 in the
unvaccinated group — resulting in an estimated
effectiveness of 62% for days 14 through 20 after
the first dose, 80% for days 21 through 27, and
92% for 7 or more days after the second dose.

The large sample size in our study also al-
lowed us to estimate vaccine effectiveness for
specific subpopulations that the randomized trial
was not sufficiently powered to evaluate. In the
trial, the estimated efficacy for Covid-19 among
persons up to 55 years of age, older than 55
years, and 65 years or older 7 days after the sec-
ond dose was 94 to 96%. We were able to study
more granular age groups, and we estimated
that the vaccine effectiveness was similar for
adults 70 years of age or older and for younger
age groups for the same time period.

N ENGL) MED

The randomized trial estimated vaccine effi-
cacy for patients with one or more coexisting
conditions according to the Charlson comorbid-
ity index! and specifically for patients with
obesity or hypertension. These measures do not
provide clarity regarding effectiveness in patients
with multiple coexisting conditions. We esti-
mated vaccine effectiveness in relation to various
numbers of coexisting conditions and found in-
dications that effectiveness may be slightly lower
among persons with higher numbers of coexist-
ing conditions.

Two factors make the present study uniquely
suited to evaluating the effectiveness of the
BNT162b2 vaccine in a practical application:
first, a rare combination of rich medical back-
ground data, Covid-19 PCR test results (for the
documented infection outcome), and patient fol-
low-up data in both community (for the symp-
tomatic Covid-19 outcome) and inpatient (for all
other outcomes) settings — CHS has main-
tained such an integrated data repository for
over half the Israeli population, and has updated
it daily, for more than two decades; and second,
the rapid pace and high uptake of Covid-19 vac-
cine in Israel and the high disease rates during
the vaccination campaign. On the other hand,
the rapid pace of the vaccination campaign con-
tributed to the frequent censoring of data for
matched unvaccinated controls, especially among
those over the age of 60 years (often only a few
days after matching) and the corresponding re-
duction in the average follow-up period of the
study.

NEJM.ORG
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

= Unvaccinated = Vaccirated
A Documented SARS-CoV-2 Infection B Symptomatic Covid-19
3 20,
ER 29 15
Sig fiz
388 388 10
E 1 EE
SE SE os
o 00
º 7 uu No om 3 4 ua wo is 4
Days Days
No. at Risk No. at Risk
Unvaccinated 596,618 413052 261625 186553 107.209 37164 4132 | Unvaccinated 596618 413,768 262662 187,784 108242 37,564 4204
Vaccinated 596618 413,527 262,180 187,02 108529 38029 4262 | Vaccinated 596618 414.140 263,179 18,740 109261 38299 4288
Cumulative No. of Events Cumulative No. of Events
Unvaccinated O 2362 3971 SIM 5775 6053 6100 | Unvaccinated O 1419 2393 3079 3433 3582 3607
Vaccinated O 1965 3533 4124 4405 4456 4460 | Vaccinated O 1103 1967 2250 2373 2387 2389
€ Covid-19 Hospitalization D Severe Covid-19
0.20. 0.20.
Ss os s 015
Es ê
3E8 o ã 010.
8
ES e E
E oo õ 0.05
0.00. 0.00.
7 un) Bos 4 7 uu No Ras 4
Days Days
No. at Risk No. at Risk
Unvaccinated 596,618 414865 264377 189808 109,867 38432 4309 | Unvaccinated 596618 414898 264437 189874 109,929 38,467 4310
Vaccinated 596618 414916 264,482 189,972 110054 38561 4321 | Vaccinated 596618 414933 264516 190000 110076 38571 4322
Cumulative No. of Events Cumulative No. of Events
Unvaccinated O 58 NS 198 244 256 259 | Unvaccinated O 17 ST 4 157 IM a
Vaccinated O 3 To 98 108 NO NO | Vaccinated O 6 % 40 52 55.55
E Death Dueto Covid-19
005
£s 004
Ei 003
ESÉ co
SÊ
SE 001
0.00.
7 un wo as 4
Days
No. at Risk
Unvaccinated 596618 414909 264479 189,950 10,008 38,510 4316
Vaccinated 596618 414938 264538 190032 110,101 38,575 4322
Cumulative No. of Events
Unvaccinated O 1 6 16 27 0 3
Vaccinated O º 2 5 7 9 9
Figure 2. Cumulative Incidence of the Five Outcomes.
Cumulative incidence curves (1 minus the Kaplan-Meier risk) for the various outcomes are shown, starting from the day of administra-
tion ofthe first dose of vaccine. Shaded areas represent 95% confidence intervals. The number at risk at each time point and the cumu-
ative number of events are also shown for each outcome. Graphs in which all data are shown with a y axis scale from O to 100 (along
with the data shown, as here, on an expanded y axis) are provided in Figure S8 in the Supplementary Appendix.

 

 

 

Concerns have emerged regarding the possible vaccines!”! and neutralizing antibodies.'2º Dur-

resistance of SARS-CoV-2 variants to Covid-19

N ENGL) MED

ing the study period, an increasing share of

NEJM.ORG
BNT162B2 MRNA VACCINE IN À MASS VACCINATION SETTING

SARS-CoV-2 isolates in Israel — up to 80% in
the days before data extraction — were of the
B.1.1.7 variant.? Thus, this study estimates an
average effectiveness of the vaccine over multiple
strains. Although we cannot provide a specific
effectiveness estimate for the B.1.1.7 variant, the
plateau observed during the later periods in the
cumulative incidence curve for vaccinated persons
suggests that the BNT162b2 vaccine is also ef-
fective for this variant, an observation consistent
with previous reports that showed preserved
neutralizing antibody titers.? The B.1.351 variant
was estimated to be rare in Israel at the time of
data extraction?

As with any observational study, our study
may have been affected by residual confounding
due to differences between vaccinated persons
and unvaccinated controls, especially in terms of
health-seeking behavior. We therefore performed
rigorous matching on a wide range of factors
that may be expected to confound the causal ef-
fect of the vaccine on the various outcomes. After
the matching process, we found a consistent
pattern of similarity between the groups in the
days just before day 12 after the first dose (the
anticipated onset of the vaccine effect), which
thus serve as a “negative control” period (Fig. 2,
Fig. S6, and Table S7). This similarity occurred
despite a temporary increase in events among
unvaccinated controls during the very first days
after the first vaccine dose, most likely stem-
ming from the fact that persons who choose to
be vaccinated on a specific day are feeling well
at the time of vaccination. The similarity of the
study groups in coexisting conditions and known
risk factors for severe Covid-19 (Table 1 and Fig.
S2) provides further evidence of exchangeability
(ie., absence of confounding). However, this
rigorous matching process came at the cost of
not including in the final cohort approximately
34% of the vaccinated persons who otherwise
met the study's eligibility criteria. Limited match-
ing on age and sex only would have been insuffi-
cient to eliminate the early confounding (Fig. S6).

We also excluded population groups with
high internal variability in the probability of vac-
cination or outcome, such as health care work-
ers, persons confined to the home for medical
reasons, and nursing home residents, to avoid
residual confounding. Although the randomized
trial was also less likely to include persons who
were not healthy enough to comply with the

N ENGL) MED

 

Death

ã
8
à
5
ê

 

 

E
8
z
5
E
E
ê
a

Period

Table 2. Estimated Vaccine Effectiveness against Covid-19 Outcomes during Three Time Periods.*

Risk
Difference

 

sê
“e
ã

Risk
Difference

Risk
Difference

1-RR

Difference

1-RR

1-RR

 

1-RR

1-RR

no./1000 per-
sons (95% CI)

no./1000 per- no./1000 per- no./1000 per-
sons (95% CI)

sons (95% CI)

no. /1000 per-

sons (95% CI)

% (95% CI)

sons (95% CI) % (95% CI)

% (95% CI) % (95% CI)

% (95% CI)

0.03
(0.01-0.07)

72

(19-100)

014
(0.07-0.21)

57 1.54 74 021 2
(1.28-1.80) (56-86) (013029) (39-80)

(50-63)

2.06
(1.70-2.40)

14 to 20 days after first dose

(40-51)

0.06
(0.02-0.11)

84

(44-100)

0.22 30 018
(59-94) (0.10-0.27)

(0.13-0.31)

231 66 134 78
(57-73) (1.09-1.62) (61-97)

(1.96-2.69)

60

(53-66)

21 to 27 days after first dose

3.58 94 461 87 0.22 92 032 NA NA
(87-98) (296.53)  (55-100) (008-039) (75-10) — (013-0.52)

(6.22-11.18)

92
(88-95)

7 days after second dose to

end offollow-up

 

 

 

NEJM.ORG

 

bootstrap method with 500 repetitions. Estimates were calculated only for cells with more than 10 instances of an outcome

risk ratio.

 

* Confidence intervals were estimated using the perce:

 

across the two groups. NA denotes not available, and R

 
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

Table 3. Estimated Vaccine Effectiveness against Covid-19 Outcomes in Subpopulations According to Characteristics at Baseline.*

 

Characteristic and Period

Male sex
14 to 20 days after first dose

21to27 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
Female sex

14 to 20 days after first dose

21t027 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
Age, 16t039yr

14 to 20 days after first dose

21to27 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
Age, 40 to 69yr

14 to 20 days after first dose

21t027 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
Age, 270 yr

14 to 20 days after first dose

21to27 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
No coexisting conditions

14 to 20 days after first dose

21t027 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
One or two coexisting conditions

14 to 20 days after first dose

21to27 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
Three or more coexisting conditions

14 to 20 days after first dose

21t027 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
Obesity

14 to 20 days after first dose

21to27 days after first dose

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up
Type 2 diabetes mellitus

14 to 20 days after first dose

 

Documented Infection

1-RR

% (9596 CI)

41 (82t050)
57 (48 t065)
91 (80 t096)

50 (41 t057)
63 (55 t071)
93 (88 t097)

49 (41 t057)
64 (54 t072)
94 (871097)

47 (40 to 55)
58 (49067)
90 (82 to 95)

22 (9 to 44)
50 (19t072)
95 (87 to 100)

49 (42 t056)
66 (58 t073)
91 (83 t096)

43 (82t053)
56 (45 to 65)
95 (88 to 98)

37 (12t055)
37 (1 to 62)
36 (72 t095)

49 (32 t065)
48 (19 t066)

95 (88 to 100)

25 (-10t0 51)

Risk Difference

no./1000 persons
(95% CI)

17 (1.22t0221)
2.25 (1.76t02.75)
7.33 (4.48 to 10.84)

2.39 (1.84 to 2.86)
2.38 (1.91 to 2.91)
9.75 (6.84 to 13.48)

2.29 (1.74 to 2.88)
2.80 (2.20 to 3.48)
8.72 (5.72 to 12.69)

2.13 (1.69 to 2.66)
219 (1.67t0 2.70)
8.96 (6.16 to 13.05)

0.81 (-0.28 to 1.89)
1.40 (0.42 to 2.35)
6.10 (3.43 to 9.61)

2.13 (1.690 2.59)
2.49 (1.99 to 2.98)
7.67 (4.900 11.07)

2.05 (1.410 2.73)
2.43 (1.77t03.16)
10.53 (6.73 to 14.40)

1.60 (0.43 to 2.76)
1.03 (-0.03 to 2.02)
5.83 (3.16 t0 9.03)

2.50 (1.40t0 3.75)
2.02 (0.69 to 3.25)

12.43 (6.03 to 20.70)

1.17 (0.36 to 2.74)

Symptomatic Illness

1-RR

% (95% CI)

52 (41 to61)
62 (49t072)
88 (71 to98)

60 (52 to 68)
69 (58 to 78)
96 (90 to 100)

57 (46t068)
67 (52t078)
99 (96 to 100)

59 (50t067)
65 (53 t074)
90 (75 to 98)

44 (19 to 64)
64 (37t083)
98 (90 to 100)

55 (45 to 63)
73 (62t082)
93 (78 to 100)

57 (45t066)
62 (47t073)
95 (88 to 100)

62 (43t077)
47 (Mto 73)
89 (68 to 98)

65 (48t079)
50 (11 t073)

98 (91 to 100)

48 (14 to 68)

Risk Difference

no./1000 persons
(95% CI)

126 (0.90 to 1.62)
130 (0.92 to 1.67)
2.90 (1.87 to 4.02)

181 (143 t02.19)
138 (L02to 1.71)
6.22 (3.60 to 9.56)

138 (0.99 to 1.80)
127 (089to 1.73)
4.06 (2.76 to 5.66)

1.68 (132 to 2.05)
138 (103 to 1.80)
5.01 (2.53 to 8.67)

136 (048 to 2.36)
135 (0.62 to 2.22)
4.77 (2.14t0 7.70)

132 (0.98 to 1.67)
127 (0.92 to 1.64)
3.54 (1.79 to 5.90)

174 (125to 2.24)
1.56 (1.05 to 2.06)
6.21 (3.82 to 8.95)

2.19 (1.20to 3.18)
0.97 (0.16 to 1.86)
3.97 (141 to 6.68)

231 (1.32 to 3.33)
125 (O. 18t02.27)

9.60 (4.03 to 17.39)

1.94 (049 to 3.28)

 

N ENGLJ MED NEJM.ORG

 
BNT162B2 MRNA VACCINE IN À MASS VACCINATION SETTING

 

Table 3. (Continued.)

 

Characteristic and Period

21 to 27 days after first dose

Hypertension
14 to 20 days after first dose
21 to 27 days after first dose

 

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up

7 days after second dose to end of follow-up

Documented Infection

Symptomatic Illness

1-RR Risk Difference 1-RR Risk Difference
no./1000 persons no./1000 persons

% (95% CI) (95% CI) % (95% CI) (95% CI)
49 (2t078) 1.29 (0.04 to 2.67) 60 (10 to 84) 118 (0.12t02.27)

91 (71 to 100)

28 (2 to 49)
45 (15 to 66)
93 (85 to 99)

6.85 (3.31 to 11.33)

1.12 (0.08 to 2.26)
149 (0.42 to 2.53)
7.67 (4.35 to 11.72)

91 (68t0100) 5.06 (1.84t08.96)
45 (16 to 64)
59 (31 to 79)
95 (84 to 100)

1.33 (0.37t0 2.22)
1.47 (0.60 to 2.39)
5.60 (2.97 to 8.92)

 

 

* Confidence intervals were estimated using the percentile bootstrap method with 500 repetitions. Estimates were calculated only for cells

with more than 10 instances of an outcome across the two groups. RR denotes risk ratio.

 

scheduled visits and vaccination plan, it did not
exclude health care workers.

To assess a possible selection bias that could
stem from informative censoring, whereby con-
trols who are vaccinated feel well around the
time of vaccination, we performed a sensitivity
analysis in which they were kept in the unvac-
cinated group for a period of time that was set
differently for each outcome (Fig. S7 and Table
S5). This analysis showed results similar to those
of the main analysis, which suggests that any
such bias was small in our analysis.

Finally, the date of onset of symptoms was
not available for the analysis. Instead, for infec-
tion outcomes, the date was set to the date of
swab collection for the first positive PCR test.
Given that there was likely to have been a time
gap between the onset of symptoms and swab
collection, the observed divergence of the cumu-
lative incidence plots for the infection outcomes
between the vaccinated persons and unvaccinated
controls may be slightly delayed. In parallel, there
might be an underestimation of the vaccine ef-
fectiveness at each time window, since the esti-
mate actually reflects a narrower window for the
vaccine to be active. Because SARS-CoV-2 PCR
testing is highly accessible in Israel and can be

done without referral in a matter of hours, we
estimate this potential time gap and thus the
vaccine effectiveness underestimation to be small.
In interpreting the effectiveness estimates for
more severe outcomes, longer median gaps
should be kept in mind (Fig. S3): 1 day for hos-
pitalization, 5 days for severe Covid-19, and 11
days for Covid-19 death.

This study estimates a high effectiveness of
the BNT162b2 vaccine for preventing symptom-
atic Covid-19 in a noncontrolled setting, similar
to the vaccine efficacy reported in the random-
ized trial. Our study also suggests that effective-
ness is high for the more serious outcomes:
hospitalization, severe illness, and death. Further-
more, the estimated benefit increases in magni-
tude as time passes. These results strengthen
the expectation that newly approved vaccines
can help to mitigate the profound global effects
of the Covid-19 pandemic.

Dr. Lipsitch receives support from the Morris-Singer Fund.

Disclosure forms provided by the authors are available with
the full text of this article at NEJM.org.

Owing to data privacy regulations, the raw data for this study
cannot be shared.

We thank Daniel Nevo, for his advice on analysis, and Yatir
Ben-Shlomo, Galit Shaham, and Uriah Finkel, for their assis-
tance with the project.

 

REFERENCES

1. Polack FP, Thomas SJ, Kitchin N, etal.
Safety and efficacy of the BNT162b2
mRNA Covid-19 vaccine. N Engl J Med
2020;383:2603-15.

2. BadenLR, ElSahly HM, EssinkB, etal.
Bfficacy and safety of the mRNA1273

SARS-CoV-2 vaccine. N Engl J Med 2020;
384:403-16.

3. ClinicalTrials.gov. Study to describe
the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity,
and efficacy of RNA vaccine candidates
against COVID-19 in healthy individuals.

N ENGL) MED NEJM.ORG

2020 (https:/lclinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show|
NCTO4368728).

4. Hernán MA, Robins JM. Using big
data to emulate a target trial when a ran-
domized trial is not available. Am) Epide-
miol 2016;183:758-64.

11
12

The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

5. Zambrano LD, Ellington, Strid P, etal.
Update: characteristics of symptomatic
women of reproductive age with laboratory-
confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection by preg-
naney status — United States, January 22-
October 3, 2020. MMWR Morb Mortal
Wkly Rep 2020;69:1641-7.

6. Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention. People with certain medical con-
ditions. February 3, 2021 (https:/fwwrw.cde
-govicoronavirus/2019-ncovineed-extra
-precautions/people-with-medical
-conditions.html).

7. Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention. Older adults at greater risk of re-
quiring hospitalization or dying if diag-
nosed with COVID-19. December 13, 2020
(httpssfpwww.cde. govicoronavirus/2019
-neovjneed-extra-precautions/older-adults
htm).

8. National Institutes of Health. Corona-
virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) treatment
guidelines. 2021 (https:]www.covid19
treatmentguidelines.nih.gov/).

9. Harder VS, Stuart BA, Anthony JC.
Propensity score techniques and the as-
sessment of measured covariate balance
to test causal associations in psychologi-
cal research. Psychol Methods 201
234-49,

10. Kaplan EL, Meier P. Nonparametric
estimation from incomplete observations.
J Am Stat Assoc 1958;53:457-81.

 

11. Lipsitch M, Goldstein E, Ray GT, Fire-
man B. Depletion-ofsusceptibles bias in
influenza vaccine waning studies: how to
ensure robust results. Epidemiol Infect
2019;147:e306.

12. Gallagher T, Lipsitch M. Postexposure
effects of vaccines on infectious diseases.
Epidemiol Rev 2019;41:13-27.

13. Hernán MA. The hazards of hazard
ratios. Epidemiology 2010;21:13-5.

14. Kaslow DC. Force of infection: a de-
terminant of vaccine efficacy? January 26,
2021 (https:/lwwwemedrxiv.orglcontent/10
1101/2021.01.21.21250235v1 full). preprint.
15. Chodick G, Tene L, Patalon T, et al.
The effectiveness of the first dose of
BNT162b2 vaccine in reducing SARS-
CoV-2 infection 13-24 days after immuni-
zation: real«world evidence. January 29,
2021 (https:/wwwe medrxiv.orglcontent/10
-1101/2021.01.27.21250612v1). preprint.
16. Charlson M, Szatrowski TP, Peterson
J, Gold J. Validation of a combined comor-
bidity index. J Clin Epidemiol 1994;47:
124551,

17. Mahase B. Covid-19: Novavax vaccine
efficacy is 86% against UK variant and
60% against South African variant. BMJ
2021;372:n296.

18. Johnson & Johnson announces single-
shot Janssen COVID-19 vaccine candidate
met primary endpoints in interim analy-
sis of its phase 3 ENSEMBLE trial. New

 

N ENGLJ MED NEJM.ORG

Brunswick, NJ: Johnson & Johnson, Janu-
ary29, 2021 (httpsilwwwejnj.comfjohnson
johnson-announces-single-shotjanssen
-covid-19-vaccine-candidate-met-primary
-endpoints-in-interim-analysis-ofits-phase
-3-ensemble-trial).

19. Wang P, Liu L, Iketani S, et al. In-
creased resistance of SARS-COV-2 variants
B.1.351 and B.1.1.7 to antibody neutraliza-
tion. bioRxiv 2021 January 26 (Prepring.
20. Xie X, Zou), Fontes-Garfias CR, etal.
Neutralization of N501Y mutant SARS-
Cov-2 by BNT162b2 vaccine-elicited sera.
bioRxiv 2021 January 7 (Prepring.

21. Bfiati 1 Israel to extend COVID vac-
cine drive to anyone over 16 starting Thurs-
day. Haaretz. February 3, 2021.

22. Muik A, Wallisch A-K, Sânger B, etal.
Neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 lineage
B.1.17 pseudovirus by BNT162b2 vaccine-
elicited human sera. Science 2021 January
29 (Bpub ahead of print).

23. Hoffman M. Coronavirus: 80 cases of
South African variant discovered in Israel.
Jerusalem Post. February 2, 2021 (https:
wwrwjpostcom/breaking-newsicoronavirus
-80-cases-ofsouth-african-variant
-discovered-in-israel-657452).

24. Lipsitch M, Tchetgen Tchetgen E, Co-
hen T. Negative controls: a tool for detect-
ing confounding and bias in observation-
al studies. Epidemiology 2010;21:383-8.
Copyright (9 2021 Massachusetts Medical Sociery.

  

 

 

 
American Journal of .
Preventive Medicine

CEEE Ena

Associations Between Governor Political Affiliation
and COVID-19 Cases, Deaths, and Testing in the U.S.

Brian Neelon, PhD, “2 Fedelis Mutiso, MS,” Noel T. Mueller, PAD, MPH,*? John L. Pearce, PhD,?

Sara E. Benjamin-Neelon, PhD, JD, MPHS”

 

Introduction: The response to the COVID-19 pandemic became increasingly politicized in the U.
S. and the political affiliation of state leaders may contribute to policies affecting the spread of the
disease. This study examines the differences in COVID-19 infection, death, and testing by governor
party affiliation across the 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia.

Methods: A longitudinal analysis was conducted in December 2020 examining COVID-19 inci-
dence, death, testing, and test positivity rates from March 15, 2020 through December 15, 2020. A
Bayesian negative binomial model was fit to estimate the daily risk ratios and posterior intervals
comparing rates by gubernatorial party affiliation. The analyses adjusted for state population den-
sity, rurality, Census region, age, race, ethnicity, poverty, number of physicians, obesity, cardiovas-
cular disease, asthma, smoking, and presidential voting in 2020.

Results: From March 2020 to early June 2020, Republican-led states had lower COVID-19
incidence rates than Democratic-led states. On June 3, 2020, the association reversed, and
Republican-led states had a higher incidence (risk ratio=1.10, 95% posterior interval=1.01,
1.18). This trend persisted through early December 2020. For death rates, Republican-led states
had lower rates early in the pandemic but higher rates from July 4, 2020 (risk ratio=1.18, 95%
posterior interval=1.02, 1.31) through mid-December 2020. Republican-led states had higher
test positivity rates starting on May 30, 2020 (risk ratio=1.70, 95% posterior interval=1.66, 1.73)
and lower testing rates by September 30, 2020 (risk ratio=0.95, 95% posterior interval=0.90,
0.98).

 

Conclusions: Gubernatorial party affiliation may drive policy decisions that impact COVID-19
infections and deaths across the U.S. Future policy decisions should be guided by public health con-
siderations rather than by political ideology.

Am J Prev Med 2021;000(000):1—5. O 2021 American Journal of Preventive Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc.
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-ne-nd/4.0/),

 

From the 'Division of Biostatistics, Department of Public Health Sciences,
Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, South Carolina;
2Charleston VA Health Equity and Rural Outreach Innovation Center
(HEROIC), Ralph H. Johnson VA Medical Center, Charleston, South Car-
olina; “Department of Epidemiology, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of
Public Health, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland; *Welch
Center for Prevention, Epidemiology and Clinical Research, Johns Hop-
kins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins University, Balti-
more, Maryland; “Division of Environmental Health, Department of
Public Health Sciences, Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston,
South Carolina; Department of Health, Behavior and Society, Johns

 

& 2021 American Journal of Preventive Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc.

Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins University,
Baltimore, Maryland; and ?The Lerner Center for Public Health Promo-
tion, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, Johns Hopkins
University, Baltimore, Maryland

Address correspondence to: Brian Neelon, PhD, Department of Public
Health Sciences, Medical University of South Carolina, 135 Cannon Street,
Suite 303, Charleston SC 29425. E-mail: neelonemusc.edu.

0749-3797/836.00

https://doi org/10.1016/.amepre.202101.034

 

Am ] Prev Med 2021:000(000):1-5 1

This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
2 Neelon et al / Am J Prev Med 2021:000(000):1—5

INTRODUCTION

oronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has
( resulted in a global public health crisis. As of

December 15, 2020, there have been >16 million
confirmed COVID-19 cases and 300,000 deaths in the U.
S." In response to the pandemic, the governors of all the
50 states declared states of emergency. Shortly thereafter,
states began enacting policies to help stop the spread of
the virus. However, these policies vary and are guided in
part by decisions from state governors.

Through state constitutions and laws, governors have
the authority to take action in public health emergencies.
In early 2020, nearly all state governors issued stay-at-
home executive orders that advised or required residents
to shelter in place” However, recent studies found that
Republican governors were slower to adopt stay-at-
home orders, if they did so at all”! Moreover, another
study found that Democratic governors had longer dura-
tions of stay-at-home orders.” Furthermore, researchers
identified governor Democratic political party affiliation
as the most important predictor of state mandates to
wear face masks (C Adolph, PhD, unpublished data,
September 2020).

Although recent studies have examined individual
state policies, such as mandates to socially distance,
wear masks, and close schools and parks (C Adolph,
PhD, unpublished data, September 2020 and P Mat-
zinger, PhD, unpublished data, September 2020),*»º
multiple policies may act together to impact the
spread of COVID-19. In addition, the pandemic
response has become increasingly politicized”* As
such, the political affiliation of state leaders and spe-
cifically governors might best capture the omnibus
impact of state policies. Therefore, the purpose of this
study is to quantify the differences in incidence, death,
testing, and test positivity rates over time, stratified by
governors” political affiliation among the 50 states and
the District of Columbia.

METHODS

A longitudinal analysis examined COVID-19 incident cases, death
rates, polymerase chain reaction testing, and test positivity from
March 15, 2020 (March 24, 2020 for testing and test positivity)
through December 15, 2020 for the 50 states and the District of
Columbia. On the basis of previous studies (C Adolph, PhD,
unpublished data, September 2020),>*º it was hypothesized that
states with Democratic governors would have higher incidence,
death, and test positivity rates early in the pandemic owing to
points of entry for the virus”? but that the trends would reverse
in later months, reflecting policy differences that break along
party lines. The IRBs at the Medical University of South Carolina
and Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health deemed
this research exempt.

Governor party affiliation was documented for each U.S. state;
for the District of Columbia, mayoral affiliation was used. Daily
incident cases and deaths were obtained from the COVID Track-
ing Project. Polymerase chain reaction testing and test positivity
data came from the HHS.”? Potential confounders included state
population density,” Census region,” state percentage of resi-
dents aged >65 years, * percentage of Black residents, ” percent-
age of Hispanic residents,” percentage below the federal poverty
line,” percentage living in rural areas, “ percentage with obesity, *
percentage with cardiovascular disease, 'º percentage with asthma,
percentage smoking” number of physicians per 100,000 resi-
dents,'* and percentage of individuals who voted Democratic
(versus those who voted Republican) party in the 2020 presiden-
tial election.”

Bayesian negative binomial models were used to examine the
incident case and death, testing, and test positivity rates. The
models included penalized cubic B-splines for the fixed and ran-
dom temporal effects. Models adjusted for the above covariates.
Ridging priors were assigned to the fixed and random spline coef-
ficients. * Posterior computation was implemented using Gibbs
sampling.” Model details, including previous specification,
computational diagnostics, and sensitivity analyses, are provided
in the Appendix (available online).

Models were stratified by governors affiliation, and posterior
mean daily rates were graphed with their 95% posterior intervals
(Ps). Adjusted RRs and 95% PIs were calculated to compare
states, with RRs >1.00 indicating higher rates among Republican-
led states. Analyses were conducted using R, version 3.6.

RESULTS

The sample comprised 26 Republican-led and 25 Demo-
cratic-led states. Figure 1A and B present the incidence
trends (cases per 100,000) and adjusted RRs by guberna-
torial affiliation. Republican-led states had fewer cases
from March 2020 to early June 2020. However, on June
3, 2020, the association reversed (RR=1.10, 95% PI=1.01,
1.18), indicating that Republican-led states had on aver-
age 1.10 times more cases per 100,000 than Democratic-
led states. The RRs increased steadily thereafter, achiev-
ing a maximum of 1.77 (95% PI=1.62, 1.90) on June 28,
2020 and remaining positive for the remainder of the
study, although the PIs overlapped 1.00 starting on
December 3, 2020. A similar pattern emerged for deaths
(shown in Figure 2A and B). Republican-led states had
lower death rates early in the pandemic, but the trend
reversed on July 4, 2020 (RR=1.18, 95% PI-1.02, 1.31).
The RRs increased through August 5, 2020 (RR=1.80,
95% PI=1.57, 1.98), and the PIs remained >1.00 until
December 13, 2020 (RR=1.20, 95% PI=0.96, 1.39). Test-
ing rates (Figure 3A and B) tracked similarly for Repub-
lican and Democratic states until September 30, 2020
(RR=0.95, 95% PI=0.90, 0.98). By November 27, 2020,
the testing rate for Republican-led states was substan-
tially lower than that for Democratic-led states
(RR=0.77, 95% PI=0.72, 0.80). The test positivity rate

www.ajpmonline.org
Neelon et al / Am J Prev Med 2021;000(000):1-5 3

ea

e

 

 

 

  
   
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

Figure 1. (A) COVID-19 incidence rates per 100K individuals by governor affiliation; (B) adjusted RRs and 95% Pls. RRs >1 indicate
higher rates for Rep governors. 100K, 100,000; Apr, April; Aug, August; Dec, December, Dem, Democratic; Max, maximum; Nov,
November; Oct, October; PI, posterior interval; Rep, Republican; Sep, September.

(Figure 4A and B) was higher for Republican-led states
starting on May 30, 2020 and was 1.70 (95% PI-1.65,
1.74) times higher on June 23, 2020.

DISCUSSION

In this longitudinal analysis, Republican-led states had
fewer per capita COVID-19 cases, deaths, and positive
tests early in the pandemic, but these trends reversed in
early May 2020 (positive tests), June 2020 (cases), and
July 2020 (deaths). Testing rates were similar until Sep-
tember 2020, when Republican states fell behind Demo-
cratic states. The early trends could be explained by the
high COVID-19 cases and deaths among Democratic-
led states that were home to the initial ports of entry for
the virus in early 2020.!º However, the subsequent
reversal in trends, particularly with respect to testing,
may reflect policy differences that could have facilitated
the spread of the virus (C Adolph, PhD, unpublished
data, September 2020 and P Matzinger, PhD, unpub-
lished data, September 2020).

Adolph et al” found that Republican governors
were slower to adopt both stay-at-home orders and
mandates to wear face masks. Other studies have
shown that Democratic governors were more likely to

e

   

Desta pet

issue stay-at-home orders with longer durations.”
Moreover, decisions by Republican governors in
spring 2020 to retract policies, such as the lifting of
stay-at-home orders on April 28, 2020 in Georgia,”
may have contributed to increased cases and deaths.
Democratic states also had lower test positivity rates
from May 30, 2020 through December 15, 2020, sug-
gesting more rigorous containment strategies in
response to the pandemic. Thus, governors” political
affiliation might function as an upstream progenitor
of multifaceted policies that in unison impact the
spread of the virus. Although there were exceptions in
states such as Maryland and Massachusetts, Republi-
can governors were generally less likely to enact poli-
cies aligned with public health social distancing
recommendations.”

Limitations

This is the first study to quantify the differences over
time on the basis of governor party affiliation. However,
there are limitations. This was a population-level rather
than individual-level analysis. Although analyses were
adjusted for potential confounders (e.g., rurality), the
findings could reflect the virus's spread from urban to
rural areas”!º In addition, as with any observational

O

 

   
  
  

 

 

 

 

Figure 2. (A) COVID-19 death rates per 1M individuals by governor affiliation; (B) adjusted RRs and Pls. RRs >1 indicate higher
rates for Rep governors. 1M, 1 million; Apr, April; Aug, August; Dec, December; Dem, Democratic; Max, maximum; Nov, November;
Oct, October; PI, posterior interval; Rep, Republican; Sep, September.

12021
4 Neelon et al / Am J Prev Med 2021:000(000):1—5

õ

e

 

 

 

 

tre

 

   
  
  

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Figure 3. (A) PCR testing rates per 1K individuals by governor affiliation; (B) adjusted RRs and Pls. RRs >1 indicate higher rates for
Rep governors. 1K, 1,000; Apr, April; Aug, August; Dec, December; Dem, Democratic; Max, maximum; Nov, November; Oct, October;
PCR, polymerase chain reaction; PI, posterior interval; Rep, Republican; Sep, September.

e

e

 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 

Figure 4. (A) PCR test positivity rates per 100 tests by governor affiliation; (B) adjusted RRs and PIs. RRs >1 indicate higher rates
for Rep governors. Apr, April; Aug, August; Dec, December; Dem, Democratic; Max, maximum; Nov, November; Oct, October; PCR,
polymerase chain reaction; PI, posterior interval; Rep, Republican; Sep, September.

study, causality cannot be inferred. Finally, governors
are not the only authoritative actor in a state; governors
in states such as Wisconsin may have been limited by
Republican-controlled legislatures. Future research
could explore the associations between party affiliation
of state or local legislatures, particularly when these dif-
fer from those of the governors.

CONCLUSIONS

These findings suggest that governor political party affil-
iation may differentially impact COVID-19 incidence
and death rates. Attitudes toward the pandemic were
highly polarized in 2020.92!-2º Future state policy
actions should be guided by public health considerations
rather than by political expedience”* and should be sup-
ported by a coordinated federal response within the new
presidential administration.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

The content of this article does not represent the views of the
Department of Veterans Affairs or the U.S. government. This

article represents the views of the authors and not those of the
Department of Veterans Affairs or Health Services Research
and Development. The funder had no influence on the study
design, implementation, or findings.

BN is a parttime employee of the Department of Veterans
Affairs. NTM was supported by the National Heart, Lung, and
Blood Institute of NIH under Award Number K01HL141589
(Principal Investigator: NTM).

Author contributions are as follows: BN had full access to all
data in the study and took responsibility for the integrity of the
data and the accuracy of the data analysis. BN, NTM, JLP, and
SEBN contributed to the concept and design of the study. BN
and FM contributed to the acquisition, analysis, and interpreta-
tion of the data. BN and SEBN drafted the manuscript, and
NTM, JLP, and FM provided critical revisions.

A preprint of this manuscript is posted on MedR xiv at www.
medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.10.08.20209619v1.

No financial disclosures were reported by the authors of this
paper.

SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIAL

Supplemental materials associated with this article can be
found in the online version at https://doi.org/10.1016/).
amepre.2021.01.034.

www.ajpmonline.org
Neelon et al / Am J Prev Med 2021;000(000):1-5 5

REFERENCES

. COVID data tracker: United States laboratory testing. Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention. https://www.cdc.gov/covid-data-tracker/
index.htmlétesting. Updated March 23, 2021. Accessed December 15,
2020.

. Gostin LO, Wiley LF. Governamental public health powers during the
COVID-19 pandemic: stay-at-home orders, business closures, and
travel restrictions. JAMA. 2020323(21):2137-2138. https;//doiorg/
10.1001/jama.2020.5460.

. Adolph C, Amano K, Bang-Jensen B, Fullman N, Wilkerson ]. Pan-

demic politics: timing state-level social distancing responses to

COVID-19. J Health Polit Policy Law. Online September 16, 2020 In

Press. https://doi org/10.1215/03616878-8802162.

Baccini L, Brodeur A. Explaining governors' response to the COVID-

19 pandemic in the United States. Am Polit Res. 2021:49(2):215-220.

https://doi org/10.1177/1532673X20973453.

. Kosnik LR, Bellas A. Drivers of COVID-19 stay at home orders: epide-

miologic, economic, or political concerns? Econ Disaster Clim Chang.

2020:4(3):503-S14. https://doiorg/10.1007/541885-020-00073-0.

Grossman G, Kim 5, Rexer JM, Thirumurthy H. Political partisanship

influences behavioral responses to governors' recommendations for

COVID-19 prevention in the United States. Proc Natl Acad Sci US A.

2020:117(39):24144-24153. https://doi org/10.1073/pnas.2007835117.

. Christensen SR, Pilling EB, Eyring JB, Dickerson G, Sloan CD, Mag-

nusson BM. Political and personal reactions to COVID-19 during ini

tial weeks of social distancing in the United States. PLOS One. 2020:15

(9):e0239693. https://doiorg/ 10.1371/journal, pone.0239693.

Jiang J, Chen E, Lerman K, Ferrara E. Political polarization drives

online conversations about COVID-19 in the United States. Hum

Behav Emerg Technol. Online June 18, 2020 In press. https://doiorg/

10.1002/hbe?.202/v2/responsel.

. Paul R, Arif AA, Adeyemi O, Ghosh S, Han D. Progression of
COVID-19 from urban to rural areas in the United States: a spatio-
temporal analysis of prevalence rates. ] Rural Health. 2020:36(4):591-
601. https://doiorg/10.1111/jrh 12486.

10. Wang Y, Liu Y, Struthers J, Lian M. Spatiotemporal characteristics of
COVID-19 epidemic in the United States. Clin Infect Dis. 2021;72
(4):643-651. https://doiorg/10.1093/cid/ciaag34,

11. The data, The COVID Tracking Project, The Atlantic Monthly Group.
https://covidtracking.com/data, Updated Updated March 7, 2021.
Accessed December 16, 2020.

12. COVID-19 diagnostic laboratory testing (PCR testing) time series.

HealthDatagov. . https://healthdata gov/dataset/COVID-19-Diagnos-

tic-Laboratory-Testing-PCR-Testing/j8mb-icvb. Updated March 24,

2021. Accessed December 16, 2020.

»

=

a

 

12021

13. County population totals: 2010-2019. United States Census Bureau.
https:// www. census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-
counties-total. html. Updated June 22, 2020. Accessed September 1,
2020.

14, Rankings data & documentation. County Health Rankings & Road-
maps, Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. https://www.countyheal-
thrankings.org/explore-health-rankings/rankings-data-documentation.
Updated March 24, 2021. Accessed August 8, 2020.

15. BRESS prevalence & trends data. Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention. https://www.cdc.gov/brfss/brfssprevalencefindex.html.
Updated September 13, 2017. Accessed February 15, 2021.

16. Dadaneh SZ, Zhou M, Qian X. Bayesian negative binomial regression
for differential expression with confounding factors [published correction
appears in Bioinformatics. 2019:35(13)2346]. Bioinformatics. 201834
(19):3349-3356. https://doiorg/10.1093/bioinformatics/bty330.

17. Wasserman D, Andrews S, Saenger L, Cohen L, Flinn A, Tatarsky.
2020 National popular vote tracker. The Cook Political Report.
https://cookpolitical.com/2020-national-popular-vote-tracker.
Updated March 24, 2021. Accessed December 16, 2020.

18. Kneib T, Konrath S, Fahrmeir L. High dimensional structured additive
regression models: Bayesian regularization, smoothing and predictive
performance. J R Stat Soc Ser C Appl Stat. 2011:60(1)51-70. https://
doiorg/10.1111/]1467-9876.2010.00723.x.

19. Pillow], Scott ]. Fully Bayesian inference for neural models with nega-
tive-binomial spiking In: Bartlett P, Pereira FCN, Burges CJ
Bottou L, Weinberger KQ, eds. Advances in Neural Information Proc-
essing Systems 25. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2012:1907-1915.

20. Each state's COVID-19 Reopening and reclosing plans and mask
requirements. National Academy for State Health Policy. https://
wrww.nashp.org/governors-prioritize-health-for-all/. Updated March
22,2021. Accessed September 30, 2020.

21. Leventhal AM, Dai H, Barrington-Trimis JL, et al. Association of
political party affiliation with physical distancing among young adults
during the COVID-19 pandemic. JAMA Intern Med. 2021;181
(3):399-403. https://doi.org/10.1001/jamainternmed.2020.6898.

22. Havey NF. Partisan public health: how does political ideology influ-

ence support for COVID-19 related misinformation? ] Comput Soc

Sci, 2020:3(2)319-342. https://doi.org/10.1007/542001-020-00089-2.
23. Wang VH, Pagán JA. Views on the need to implement restriction pol-
icies to be able to address COVID-19 in the United States. Prev Med,
2021:143:106388. https://doiorg/10.1016/jy pmed.2020.106388.
Guest JL, Del Rio C, Sanchez T. The three steps needed to end the
COVID-19 pandemic: bold public health leadership, rapid innova-
tions, and courageous political will. JMIR Public Health Surveill
2020:6(2):e19043. https:/doiorg/10.2196/19043,

2

=
20/06/2021 Agência FAPESP | Dezenove brasileiros integram a lista Pesquisadores Altamente Citados 2020"

Agência MTFAPESP

Efe , e Dezenove brasileiros
Abud integram a lista
Highly Cited z ! “Pesquisadores
Researchers 2020 Altamente Citados 2020'
Peito acc Mantas ge [6 ER 20 de novembro de aozo

Applauded by the world,
Agência FAPESP — Dezenove

 

brasileiros integram a lista
“Pesquisadores Altamente Citados
2020”, divulgada nesta quarta-feira (18/11) pelo site Web of Science, da empresa Clarivate
Analytics. A publicação visa reconhecer cientistas que demonstraram ampla e significativa influência
em seu campo de atuação por meio da publicação de artigos frequentemente citados por seus pares

durante a última década.

Ao todo, 6.389 pesquisadores de mais de 60 países foram incluídos na lista de 2020, sendo 3.896
cuja produção científica teve impacto em áreas específicas e 2.493 com impacto cruzado (cross-
field) em diversos campos do conhecimento. A seleção foi feita com base no número de artigos
altamente citados que os autores produziram ao longo de 11 anos — de janeiro de 2009 a dezembro

de 2019 — por especialistas em bibliometria do Institute for Scientific Information, ligado à Clarivate.

Entre os 19 brasileiros incluídos no ranking, 11 estão sediados no Estado de São Paulo e nove têm
apoio da FAPESP: Paulo Artaxo (Geociências), do Instituto de Física da Universidade de São Paulo
(IF-USP); Álvaro Avezum (cross-field), do Instituto de Cardiologia Dante Pazzanese; Andre Brunoni
(cross-field), da Faculdade de Medicina (FM) da USP; Geoffrey Cannon (Ciências Sociais), da
Faculdade de Saúde Pública (FSP) da USP; Henriette Azeredo (Ciências Agrícolas), da Embrapa
Agroindústria Tropical em Fortaleza; Mauro Galetti (Meio Ambiente e Ecologia), da Universidade
Estadual Paulista (Unesp) em Rio Claro; Renata Bertazzi Levy (Ciências Sociais) , da FM-USP;
Maria Laura C. Louzada (Ciências Sociais), do Instituto de Saúde e Sociedade da Universidade
Federal de São Paulo (ISS-Unifesp); Carlos Augusto Monteiro (Ciências Sociais), da FSP-USP;
Helder Nakaya (Imunologia), da Faculdade de Ciências Farmacêuticas da USP; e Anderson S.
Sant'Ana (Ciências Agrícolas), da Faculdade de Engenharia de Alimentos da Universidade Estadual

de Campinas (Unicamp).

Também figuram na lista Fernando C. Barros (cross-field), da Universidade Federal de Pelotas

(UFPel); Mercedes Bustamante (cross-field), da Universidade de Brasília (UnB); Adriano Gomes da

https://agencia.fapesp.br/printidezenove-brasileiros-integram-a-lista-pesquisadores-altamente-citados-2020/34651/ 1/3
20/06/2021 Agência FAPESP | Dezenove brasileiros integram a lista Pesquisadores Altamente Citados 2020"

Cruz (Ciências Agrícolas), do Instituto Federal de Educação, Ciência e Tecnologia do Rio de Janeiro
(IFRJ); Mônica Queiroz de Freitas (Ciências Agrícolas), do Departamento de Tecnologia dos
Alimentos da Universidade Federal Fluminense (UFF); Pedro Hallal (Ciências Sociais), da UFPel;
Luis Augusto P. Rohde (Psiquiatria e Psicologia), da Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul
(UFRGS); Felipe Schuch (Psiquiatria e Psicologia), da Universidade Federal de Santa Maria
(UFSM); e Cesar Gomes Victora (Ciências Sociais), da UFPel.

“É uma satisfação para qualquer pesquisador ter seu árduo trabalhado reconhecido por citações de
colegas. Isso quer dizer que muitos cientistas leram seus trabalhos e reconheceram a importância.
Para que alguém chegue à lista dos mais citados é importante ter financiamento contínuo e de longo
prazo. Há 40 anos eu recebi bolsa de Iniciação Científica da FAPESP, seguida por bolsas de
Mestrado, Doutorado e Pós-Doutorado. Depois vieram seis Projetos Temáticos. Devo toda a minha

carreira à FAPESP”, comenta Paulo Artaxo, que figura na lista pela quinta vez.

Como em anos anteriores, os Estados Unidos dominam a lista com 2.650 dos autores mais citados
(41,5%), mas a participação relativa do país no ranking diminuiu em relação a 2019 (44%). Em
seguida estão: China, com 770 pesquisadores (12,1%); Reino Unido, com 514 (8%); Alemanha, com
345 (5,4%); e Austrália, com 306 (4,8%).

A Harvard University (Estados Unidos) é mais uma vez a instituição com a maior concentração de
pesquisadores altamente citados do mundo — ao todo são 188. Em segundo lugar está a Chinese

Academy of Sciences (China), com 124 autores.

“Nossa análise mostra que a principal contribuição para os avanços científicos globais está sendo
conduzida pelos Estados Unidos e pela China. A história deste ano é sobre o sucesso da pesquisa
nesses dois países”, disse Joel Haspel, vice-presidente sênior de Estratégia do Grupo de Ciência da

Clarivate, em comunicado divulgado à imprensa.
Os 100 mil mais influentes

O ranking dos 100 mil cientistas mais influentes do mundo foi elaborado por pesquisadores da
Stanford University (Estados Unidos) com base em informações da Scopus, uma base de dados que
reúne literatura técnica e científica revisada por pares, além de índices de citações e outras
métricas. Os cientistas estão classificados em 22 campos do conhecimento e 176 subcampos. Os
dados estão separados em dois rankings — um com impacto dos pesquisadores ao longo da carreira

até o fim de 2019 e outro com impacto em um único ano (2019).

Os detalhes sobre o banco de dados usado na pesquisa foram divulgados em outubro na revista

 

 

PLOS Biology. A partir dessas informações, o ecólogo Kleber Del Claro, professor da Universidade

https://agencia.fapesp.br/printidezenove-brasileiros-integram-a-lista-pesquisadores-altamente-citados-2020/34651/ 288
20/06/2021 Agência FAPESP | Dezenove brasileiros integram a lista Pesquisadores Altamente Citados 2020"
Federal de Uberlândia (UFU), listou os 600 cientistas de instituições brasileiras que figuram no
ranking e publicou no site A Ciência que nós fazemos. Entre os citados há vários pesquisadores
apoiados pela FAPESP.

https://agencia.fapesp.br/printidezenove-brasileiros-integram-a-lista-pesquisadores-altamente-citados-2020/34651/

38
   

ELSEVIER

Since January 2020 Elsevier has created a COVID-19 resource centre with
free information in English and Mandarin on the novel coronavirus COVID-
19. The COVID-19 resource centre is hosted on Elsevier Connect, the
company's public news and information website.

Elsevier hereby grants permission to make all its COVID-19-related
research that is available on the COVID-19 resource centre - including this
research content - immediately available in PubMed Central and other
publicly funded repositories, such as the WHO COVID database with rights
for unrestricted research re-use and analyses in any form or by any means
with acknowledgement of the original source. These permissions are
granted for free by Elsevier for as long as the COVID-19 resource centre
remains active.
Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101/51

 

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

    

Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease

 

ELSEVIER

journal homepage: www .elsevier.com/locate/tmaid

 

Efficacy of face mask in preventing respiratory virus transmission: A
systematic review and meta-analysis

Cregk tor
pas

Mingming Liang”)!, Liang Gaoº!, Ce Cheng“, Qin Zhou*, John Patrick Uy', Kurt Heiners,
Chenyu Sun”

* Department of Epidemiology and Health Statistics, School of Public Health, Anhui Medical University, Hefei, 230032, Anhui, PR China
» Center for Evidence-Based Practice, Anhui Medical University, Hefei, 230032, Anhui, PR China

“ Center of Experimental Orthopaedis, Saarland University Medical Center, Kirrberger Strafe Building 37-38, D-66421, Homburg, Saar, Germany
à Department of Internal Medicine, Cape Fear Valley Medical Center, Fayetteville, 28304, NC, USA

* Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, 55905, USA

" AMITA Health Saint Joseph Hospital Chicago, Chicago, 60657, linois, USA

é Dignity Health Mercy Hospital, Merced, 95340, CA, USA

 

ARTICLE INFO ABSTRACT

 

Keywords: Background: Conflicting recommendations exist related to whether masks have a protective effect on the spread
Facemask of respiratory viruses.

Respiratory virus Methods: The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) statement was
Influenza consulted to report this systematic review. Relevant articles were retrieved from PubMed, Web of Science,
ARS COD SelencaDires, Cochrane Library, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKT), VIP (Chinese) data-
Prevention se.

Results: A total of 21 studies met our inclusion criteria. Meta-analyses suggest that mask use provided a sig-
nificant protective effect (OR = 0.35 and 95% CI = 0.24-0.51). Use of masks by healthcare workers (HCWs) and
non-healtheare workers (Non-HCWs) can reduce the risk of respiratory virus infection by 80% (OR = 0.20, 95%
CI = 0.11-0.37) and 47% (OR = 0.53, 95% CI = 0.36-0.79). The protective effect of wearing masks in Asia
(OR = 0.31) appeared to be higher than that of Western countries (OR = 0.45). Masks had a protective effect
against influenza viruses (OR = 0.55), SARS (OR = 0.26), and SARS-CoV-2 (OR = 0.04). In the subgroups based
on different study designs, protective effects of wearing mask were significant in cluster randomized trials and
observational studies.

Conclusions: This study adds additional evidence of the enhanced protective value of masks, we stress that the
use masks serve as an adjunctive method regarding the COVID-19 outbreak.

 

1. Introduction

Facemasks are recommended for diseases transmitted through dro-
plets and respirators for respiratory aerosols, yet recommendations and
terminology vary between guidelines. The concepts of droplet and
airborne transmission that are entrenched in clinical practice recently
are more complex than previously thought. The concern is now in-
creasing in the face of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pan-
demic [1]. The spread of respiratory viral infections (RVIs) occurs
primarily through contact and droplet routes. And new evidence sug-
gests severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2)
can remain viable and infectious in aerosols for hours [2]. Therefore,

the use of masks as appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is
often considered when preventing the spread of respiratory infections.
Experimental data shows that the micropores of mask block dust par-
ticles or pathogens that are larger than the size of micropores [2]. For
example, the micropores of N95 masks materials are only 8 um in
diameter, which can effectively prevent the penetration of virions [4,5].

Although the aforementioned studies support the potential bene-
ficial effect of masks, the substantial impact of masks on the spread of
laboratory-diagnosed respiratory viruses remains controversial [6].
Smith et al. indicated that there were insufficient data to determine
definitively whether N95 masks are superior to surgical masks in pro-
tecting healthcare workers (HCWs) against transmissible acute

* Corresponding author. AMITA Health Saint Joseph Hospital Chicago, 2900 N. Lake Shore Drive, Chicago, 60657, Illinois, USA.

E-mail address: drsunchenyuCOyeah.net (C. Sun).
1 These authors contributed equally: Mingming Liang and Liang Gao.

https://doi.org/10.1016/).tmaid.2020.101751

Received 31 March 2020; Received in revised form 16 May 2020; Accepted 20 May 2020

Available online 28 May 2020
1477-8939/ O 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
M. Liang, et at.

Travel Medicine and infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Pe
E
8 Records identified through Additional records identified
S database searching through other sources
E (n=2771) (n=16)
v
ES
— Records after duplicates removed
(n=1410)
o]
e
c
õ
2
5
Co Records screened
(n=1410) (n=1351)
U)

Records excluded

 

 

 

Full-text articles assessed
for eligibility
(n=59)

Full-text articles excluded,
with reasons
(n=38)

 

 

 

9 not concerning mask and
respiratory viral infection
15 no have laboratory

 

Studies included in
qualitative synthesis

(n=21)

evidence
10 not providing complete
data
4 are meeting abstracts, case

 

 

reports, editorials, or review
articles

 

TV
o
TV
E,
3
E

 

 

 

Studies included in
quantitative synthesis
(meta-analysis)
(n=21)

 

 

 

 

 

Fig. 1. Flow diagram of the study search and selection process.

respiratory infections in clinical settings [7]. Another meta-analysis
suggested that facemask provides a non-significant protective effect
(OR = 0.53, 95% CI 0.16-1.71, É = 48%) against the 2009 influenza
pandemic [8]. Xiao et al. concluded that masks did not support a sub-
stantial effect on the transmission of influenza from 7 studies [6]. On
the contrary, Jefferson et al. suggested that wearing masks significantly
decreased the spread of SARS (OR = 0.32; 95% CI 0.25-0.40;
2 = 58.4%) [9]. Up to date, existing evidence on the effectiveness of
the use of masks to prevent respiratory viral transmission contradicts
each other.

Therefore, we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to
evaluate the effectiveness of the use of masks to prevent laboratory-
confirmed respiratory virus transmission.

2. Methods
2.1. Identification and selection of studies
The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-

Analysis (PRISMA) statement was consulted to report this systematic
review. A comprehensive searching strategy was carefully designed to

select eligible studies, published before March 2020, from multiple
electronic databases, including PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane
Library, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), VIP
(Chinese) database. Relevant Chinese technical terms for the Chinese
databases were used to search for published articles (see Appendix 1,
for search details). Furthermore, references of all relevant articles and
reviews were retrieved to search for additional eligible studies with full-
texts. After removing duplicates, all abstracts and titles were filtered
independently by two reviewers (M.L.; L.G.) and the full texts were
downloaded and meticulously appreciated. The two reviewers com-
pared and discussed the results and consulted with the third reviewer
(C.y.S.), if necessary, to reach a consensus.

2.2. inclusion and exclusion criteria

The studies meeting the following criteria were included: (1) con-
cerning the relationship between the face mask and preventing RVIs;
(2) diagnosis of respiratory virus must have laboratory evidence, or the
local clinical diagnostic criteria are applied during an acute large-scale
infectious disease when laboratory evidence might be not available; (3)
complete data available of both cases and controls to calculate an odds
M. Liang, et at.

ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI); (4) appropriate study
design; (5) no language restrictions applied. The exclusive criteria were
as follows: (1) conferences/meetings abstracts, case reports, editorials,
and review articles; (2) duplicate publication or overlapping studies; (3)
studies with unavailable full texts.

2.3. Study quality assessment

The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS) was used to evaluate the quality
of the case-control study and cohort study: study ratings of seven to
nine stars corresponded to high-quality, five to six stars to moderate
quality, and four stars or less to low quality [10]. The Jadad scale was
used to evaluate the quality of randomized controlled study: study
ratings of three to five corresponded to high-quality, and two or less to
low quality [11]. Three reviewers (ML.; L.G.; C.Y.S.) completed as-
sessments independently and the disagreements were resolved by a
panel discussion with other reviewers.

2.4. Statistical analysis

The association of mask use with subsequent RVIs was assessed with
odds ratios (ORs) with a 95% confidence interval (CI). P values less
than 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Considering the
potential for inter-study heterogeneity, subgroup analysis were carried
out based on stratification by occupations (HCWs or Non-HCWS),
countries, virus types, and study designs. Sensitivity analysis was per-
formed by omitting individual studies to assess the stability of the meta-
analysis. The heterogeneity was assessed using the [ statistic. The
heterogeneity was considered insignificance when P > 0.10 and
Pº < 50%. If the study lacked heterogeneity, the pooled OR estimate
was calculated using the fixed-effects model, otherwise the random-
effects model was used [12]. Begg's and Egger's test were performed to
quantitatively analyze the potential publication bias by Stata (version
14.0; Stata Corp, College Station, TX) software. The P values of Begg's
and Egger's test more than 0.05 implied no obvious publication bias in
this meta-analysis [13,14]. The meta-analysis was performed using
Revman 5.3.5 (http://tech.cochrane.org/revman) [15].

3. Results
3.1. Characteristics of eligible studies

Following the literature search and screening (Fig. 1), a total of 21
studies which included 13 case-control studies, 6 cluster randomized
trials, and 2 cohort studies met our inclusion criteria [4,16-35]
(Table 1). Among them, 12 studies investigated HCWs, 8 studies in-
vestigated non-healthcare professional populations, and the remaining
one study investigated HCWs and relatives of patients. Eleven studies
were conducted in China (including 4 studies ftom Hong Kong, China),
6 in Western countries, and 4 in other Asian countries. And 4 studies
investigated patients with respiratory virus, 7 studies investigated Se-
vere acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV), 12 studies
investigated influenza virus including 5 investigating the HINI virus,
and 1 study investigated SARS-CoV-2.

3.2. Quality of studies

Inter-rater agreement of the quality of included studies was strong.
Tables 2 and 3 summarize the quality evaluations of the included stu-
dies. Funnel plots assessing the risk of publication bias are included in
Fig. 2. Neither Begg's test (2 = 0.45, p = 0.651) nor Egger's test
(t= —0.65, p = 0.524) manifested any distinct evidence of the pub-
lication bias. The sensitivity analyses did not substantially alter the
pooled ORs by excluding one-by-one study, indicating that the meta-
analysis was generally robust.

Travet Medicine and Infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

3.3. General protective effects

The 21 studies, involving 8,686 participants, showed that masks
were generally effective in preventing the spread of respiratory viruses.
After wearing a mask, the risk of contracting RVIs was significantly
reduced, with the pooled OR was 0.35 and 95% CI = 0.24-0.51
(É = 60%, M — H Random-effect model) (Fig. 3).

3.4. HCWs vs. non-HCWs

In the subgroup of HCWs, a more obvious protective effect was
identified with the pooled OR of 0.20 (95% CI = 0.11-0.37, É = 59%)
(Fig. 4). In one study investigating COVID-19, the OR was 0.04
(95%WCI = 0.00-0.60) [35]. In the subgroup of non-HCW, also a pro-
tective effect was found with the pooled OR of 0.53 (95%
CI = 0.36-0.79, º = 45%). A more detailed analysis found significant
effecis in both the houschold subgroup (OR = 0.60, 95%
ci = 0.37-0.97,É = 31%), and the non-houschold subgroup
(OR = 0.44, 95% CI = 0.33-0.59,º = 54%) (Table 4). One study
included both health care workers and family members of patients, with
the OR of 0.74 (95% CI: 0.29-1.90) [22].

 

3.5. Asian countries vs. Western countries

By geographic locations, beneficial protective effects of wearing
masks were found both in Asia (OR = 0.31, 95% CI = 0.19-0.50,
É = 65%), and in Westem countries (OR = 0.45, 95% CI = 0.24-0.83,
É = 51%) (Table 4). For HCWs, wearing mask can significantly reduce
the risk of RVIs in both Asian (OR = 0.21, 95% CI = 0.11-0.41,

 

  

É = 64%) and Western countries (OR = 0.11, 95% CI = 0.02-0.51,
Ê = 0%). For non-HCWs, similar protective effects were also observed
in Asian (OR = 0.51, 95% CI = 0.34-0.78, É? = 45%) and Westem

   

countries (OR = 0.46, 95% CI = 0.34-0.63, É = 57%).

3.6. Subgroup analyses based on different virus types

Masks had a protective effect against influenza viruses (OR = 0.55,
95% CI = 039076, É = 27%), SARS (OR = 0.26, 95%
CI = 0.18-0.37, É = 47%), and SARS-CoV-2 (OR = 0.04, 95%
CI = 0.00-0.6, É = 0%) (Table 4). However, no significant protective
effects against HIN1 was shown (OR = 0.30, 95% CI = 0.08-1.16,
P = 51%).

3.7. Subgroup analyses based on different study designs

In the subgroups based on different study designs, protective effects
of wearing mask were significant in cluster randomized trials
(OR = 0.65, 95% CI = 0.47-0.91, É? = 20%) and observational studies
(OR = 0.24, 95% CI = 0.15-0.38, 1º = 54%) (Table 4).

4. Discussion

This meta-analysis of the 21 studies provided the latest state-of-art
evidence on the efficacy of masks in preventing the transmission of
RVIs. Our data show that the protective effects of masks against RVIs
were not only significant for both HCWs and non-HCWs, but also
consistent between Asian and Westem populations.

4.1. Mechanism of physical protection of masks

The physical barrier provided by a mask can effectively prevent the
respiratory tract from contacting the outside virus, thereby reducing the
risk of respiratory virus infections [36]. A recent study showed that
SARS-CoV-2 can travel up to 4 m (=13 feet) from patients and be
widely distributed on daily objects (e.g. floors, computer mice, trash
cans) [37]. Surgical masks are able to reduce influenza virus RNA in
Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

“aStaSIp Snorpajur ajeos-oBre] ano Ué Bump EHOIID ONsouBer [couro [030] Jau siuonva «

 

“(IUgur-gZ:26 ID HS6] TEtO
:(10) ones sppo paisnípe) dnos? Jolendso S6N Pp quim parediuoo dnozê sei

  

  

 

 

 

 

  

  
 

 

=OU BN UE POSEOUE ÁfIUEOHIUÊIS SEM JJCIS TEDIPON 10] 213 UONDSJUI AODU-STOZ SUL SIIOM DIDUESH  Ápmis jonuo-ase) SN T-norsuvs eum ozoz ter Bum IZ
(Quoy
“auejd e Supfea UoqM UONDo]Ur INTH ISUIEZE J01DE 2ANDaJ0ad E st syseru Sutra uonemdoa Apm jonuoraseo sem INIH Suor) cup gIOZ ProSuuz oz
ue grudis 10u SH ASeUI E BUHEOM JO WSJJo DANDS103d DI IE 159825 SISOa DMI siyoM SxOWCOH  Ápmis Jonuoo-ase) E INIH euMD ZIOZ Pro Sueuz 6r
“dnoiÊgns 2SImMu SM UI UONEIOSSE JESM E SEM DI9UL 'UORDSJU DU 01 palefos tou
sem puuosiod jeoypou Áq sysew jo Sutieam a “GOOZ UL Neaiquno INTH A Butna siim axouesH  Ápmis jonuo-ase) sem INIH PueIegL CIOZ Toto ipingreydoxogo 8L
“2ANEBOUOLOS SuIUFENIDZ IIM PoTEIDOSSE SEM JOJEIdSOZ SEN JO JSEU E JO 2M DUL SIDOM SXOUNCOH pras uovoo S6N 10 Seia INIH vsn TIOZ “Pro nioer 41
“NOS JO 1bDE [ER4O20SOU 10] SIO1DE SH JUPDHIUIS (uoy
aq 01 punoy SI9M aso xopur ou 1u02 Butmp seu [Eotans E Sutream ON smoM SXOWNCOH  ÁpIs jonuoo-se) seu qeotôans INIH Suor) cup OIOZ ter fumo or
sumos Ájjuntutuoo ur ezuonggur tem
Pouguoo pu IT JO ale at 2onpos Áeuu pouiquoo sualáy puey pue syseus soca pras pozruopues smp NS sutA extontu vsn cr texojpiy sr
“dnosê jonuoo tem
ax 01 poseduioo somo] Ápiueo|ruSis sem sdnoS ser 24 Us UONDa]ur Árepuooss our PlogosnoH — pozruopues asno NS sutA extontu Áueuroo ZIOZ Prossns 4
“JoSUO tIONdiuÁS JUSNEA Xopui JO 4 OE UIIM plata deus uam snata tem (uox
EZUONHUI JO UOISSIISUER PJOGOSNOM 1U2ADIT 01 poluDos SyerSDey pur auar3áY puei PIOMESnOH  paziopues so1smp Se suma EmIoNTui SuoH) UND 6007 “ro Bugmoo gr
“B]APHEA SEM SUONUDAIOIUY 01 2949304 PY “dnosZ Jonuco pue dnosê jseiu au soe tem (uoy
J2Hp ÁpueoyIuBis 10u PIp SONEZ ENE ÁzEpUODOS [EStUIp JO paseq-ÁroIeIoqe] SUL PIOWAMOH — pozmuopues samp SEIA STuIA EZUSNTUT BuoH) eumMD s00Z “Pas Bugmoo gr
“suonDojur Testa jeitdsou
Burjonuoo uy aj03 Juenodiuy ue sáejd osje sorestdsos ojgesodsip iuBis am spo axoWeoH  Ápmis jonuoo-se) sysemr mata Aojentdsoy eum Z107 Pro Sueyz TI
“IAM Sonpan
TESHBANS JE2MA SIUSNEA LOSH UEM 1961409 9831P UE SJenpiaspus [re dei usa nnbos au swoned 18H ápmis oyo Sem smaa Axojentdsoy vsn o1oz ter funs Or
“dnosê gonuoo, tem
pus dnof AJSeu, oi U39MINQ SOUDIATP Áe MOYS 104 PIP SINSOZ ÁIOIE3OGE] SUL sunga pozmsopues zimp Sem smaa Axojentdsoy egensmy prOZ Topper 6
“Sunson ag anowgum tem pois aj-uou S6N (paisa
Pu UM SUE GGN SM USIMIPQ SOLODINO UF SOUDISHIP AUEDIIUSIS OU SEM DOM SIOIOM DIEOMIEOH  POZIUOPUBA IAM 1H SGN SCI IENPOI snta Árojendsoy euMD TIOZ Tr Áupea E
“SHVS oluornaud 01 poseduuoo usa syseus
JO am soMIy pue Sicin ÁPOQUUE SHVS 120] UIHA PIIERDOSSE SEM SHVS ONEWOIdUIÁSV  siyoM SIOWCOH  Ápnis jonuoo-sse) SN suvs axodeuis S00Z ET UIUSIPEM
anneps
“uoISSIuISUeR SHVS IUDA23d 01 poseadde suMoS pue syseI pue soofojdua  Apnis jonuoo-sse) aseu qeorêins suvs tEUcIA S00Z TeRemIN O
“page 10u pip sonolg pue
Sumo anq 2anoojoud Ájôuons pautemas syseu G6N JO Butieom pue Surysem pucu (od srorom axotppeoH  Ápmis jonuor-aseo S6N «Suvs axodefuis  pooZ Pruupl Ss
“SPSINI DU 10J 2AFDSNON SEM IUONEd SHVS E 10] Bugres
altM (SGN ad sOjendsos aneqnonzed 10 [eo121ns sopro) seu e Zutacam Águas spo SoM Ápmis jonuoo-sse) S6N SI TESIPoIA suvs epEUEO O0Z TRT +
“ATEDUND pasm sysetu jo sadáy Áueu
2Je DIM SSUONDSUI ÁIOIEINdSOa IUDADI 07 DOUPDIUÊIS 1E93Ê JO SH SASEUI ÊUIICOM SIM AMOWNEOH  Ápms jonuoraseo sem «Suvs eum +ooz Poem E
ASojexs Sia JO 2sn 5 fauntutuoo aq sixoddns 2SEDSTp O] HS Mp) PoraMo] asa sem our. uonemdoa  Apms jonuoaseo E «SuvS eu pooz Ton q
“suoposjur
TENGSOY SHVS SUNUDADI UI PULOSIOA [EH Pou! 10] DAND9P SF ASEUI E ÍUHEOM  SIDIOM DXO[ESH  Ápmis [OnUO)-2SE) ser uonoo Sjsetu soded «Suvs eum +ooz rua 1
sIvotutãoo 3 SBurpuy Ure uonemdog Apras jo adáL adfi sem snxa nuno) sEoA Apm

 

M. Liang, et at.

“Sopas alquÊno JO Sonstrejezego
Tale
M. Liang, et at.

 

 

Table 2
The quality of the case-control studies and cohort studies.
Study Year Selection  Comparability Outcome Stars!

1 Yinetal, 204 3 2 2 7
2 Wuetal. 2004 4 2 2 8
3 Maetal. 2004 3 2 2 8
4 Loebetal. 2004 3 2 2 7
5 Telemanetal 2004 3 2 3 8
6 WilderSmithetal. 2005 3 2 3 8
7 Nishiwraetal, 2005 4 2 1 7
8 Chengetal. 2010 3 2 3 8
9 Jaegeretal, 200 3 2 2 7
10 Chokephaibulkitetal. 2012 3 2 2 7
W Zhangetal 2012 3 2 3 8
12 Zhangetal 2013 4 2 1 7
13 Sungetal. 2016 3 2 2 7
14 Zhangetal 2017 3 2 1 6
15 Wangetal. 2020 3 1 1 5

 

2 Scoring by Newcastle-Ottawa Scale.

respiratory droplets and coronavirus RNA in aerosols [38]. The SARS-
CoV-2 aerosol, mainly appearing in submicron region (dp between 0.25
and 1.0 um) and supermicron region (d, > 2.5 um) [29], can be ef.
fectively filtered out from the inhaled air by either surgical masks or
N95 masks [3,40]. Comparison of the incidence of COVID-19 in Hon-
gkong, China with Spain, Italy, Germany, France, U.S. U.K., Singapore,
and South Korea showed that community-wide mask wearing may as-
sist in controlling COVID-19 with reduced emission of infected saliva
and respiratory droplets from mildly symptomatic patients [41].

4.2. Protective effects for both HCWs and non-HCWs

During the current COVID-19 pandemic, HCWs are facing the dan-
gers inherent in close contact with index-patients [42]. In Italy, more
than 2,600 HCWs have been infected by March 19, 2020, accounting for
8.3% of the country's total cases [43]. According to our analysis,
wearing masks significantly reduced the risk of infection among HCWs
by 80%. It is noteworthy that, none of the 278 HCWs wearing N95
masks in quarantined areas were infected by SARS-CoV-2 yet, 10 of the
215 HCWs who did not wear masks in the open areas were infected
[5]. Therefore, universal masking of HCWs at clinical settings is likely
to provide great benefits for HCWs. especially during current COVID-19
pandemic. Moreover, protective benefits were also reported in hema-
topoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) patients [33]. Besides, Sokol's
study also found a reduced risk of hospital-acquired RVIs by putting
surgical masks on all workers and visitors in every patient room on the
bone marrow transplant unit [44]. Accumulative data showed that
people with older age, immunosuppressed state and systematic com-
modities are at higher risk for severe COVID-19 infection [45-47], and
therefore, should be protected with proper measures (e.g. prophylactie
masking) during the current pandemic. In addition, those who have
close contact with those populations at high risks of contracting RVIs
should consider wearing masks as well.

Mote importantly, our data showed that masks worm by non-HCWs
can also effectively prevent the spread of respiratory viruses and reduce

Travet Medicine and Infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

or SEloutorp

   

05

   

dios a 1 iz o

Fig. 2. Funnel plot of mask-wearing and risk of laboratory-confirmed re-
spiratory viral infection.

the risk of virus infection by 56% in non-household settings, indicating
the potential benefits of wearing masks for the general public.
Moreover, significant protective effects were found in the study con-
ducted in the general population [17], indicating the potential benefits
of wearing masks for the general public. Interestingly, a recent COVID-
19 dynamics modeling study suggested that broad adoption of even
relatively ineffective non-medical grade “social” masks may mean-
ingfully reduce the community transmission and decrease peak hospi-
talizations and deaths during the current COVID-19 pandemic [48].
Although laboratory-confirmed virus results show no difference be-
tween the mask group and the control group in a study investigating the
wearing of masks by pilgrims, wearing masks reduced the risk of in-
fluenza-like illness when people gather [4]. This difference between
laboratory-confirmed cases and clinically diagnosed influenza-like ill-
ness cases were likely due to an under-diagnosis of real cases caused by
too few nasal swabs collected for laboratory confirmation. Zhang et al.
conducted a case-control study and found that none of the passengers
always wearing masks on an international flight were infected with
HINI [32], and a recent case report [49] described a man who was
wearing a mask at international flight and then tested positive for
COVID-19, while 25 other people closest to him on the plane and flight
attendants were all tested negative, further demonstrating the benefits
of wearing masks during public transportations [50].

Protective effects were also found among household settings
showing a 40% reduced risk of RVIs. However, masking with prudent
implementation and high compliance is a prerequisite to ensure the
successful protection, which is practically challenging especially for
non-HCWs. Two household studies included in our analysis reported
low facemask adherence among houschold contacts [23,24], which
might explain the poor protective effects from these studies. In contrast,
Suess et al. reported a good compliance, which showed a significant
protective effect [29]. These findings implicated that proper use of
masks has an impact on the effectiveness of preventing RVis. Given that
most people in houschold settings were unlikely to strictly follow hand

 

 

Table 3
The quality of randomized controlled studies.
Study Year Randomization Double-blind Description of inclusion/exclusion criteria Scores!
1 Couling etal. 2008 2 o 1 3
2 Cowling et al. 2009 2 o 1 3
3 Macintyre 2011 2 o 1 3
4 Suess etal. 2012 2 1 1 4
5 Ailello 2012 2 1 1 4
6 Barasheed et al. 2014 2 o 1 3

 

* Scoring by Jadad scale,
M. Liang, et at.

Travel Medicine and infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

 

 

 

Mask Control Odds Ratio Odds Ratio
Study or Subgroup Events Total Events Total Weight M-H, Random, 95% CI M.H, Random, 95% CI
Ailello 2012 12 392 16 370 70% 0.70 (0.33, 1.50] |
Barasheed etal 2014 43% 2 53 30%  319/055,1842] +
Cheng etal.2010 0 568 4 288 13% — 005/000,09] >>>
Chokephaibulktetal 2012 30 239 3 47 44% 067018247] —+—
Coming etal 2008 46 12 205 49%  143/035,303] ——
Cowling et al.2009 18 258 28 279 78% 0.67 (0.36, 1.25] 1
Jaegeretal 2011 0 20 9 43 14%  009/000,160)
Loeb etal.2004 3 3º 5 9 29% 012002072]
Ma etal.2004 15 203 32 180 76% 025013048] =—
MacIntyre etal.2011 2 14410 15 481 76% 057030109] +
Nishiura et al.2005 8.43 17 72 60% 0.74 [0.29,1.90] 1
Suess etal 2012 6 69 19 82 58% 032012084) =
Sung etal.2016 40 9 95 920 90% 0.40 (0.27, 0.58] —
Teleman etal.2004 3 2% 33 60 44% 011003039] >——
Wang etal.2020 O 28 10 25 14%  004/000,060] >
Wilder-Smith et a.2005 3 2 3 65 44% 0.13 (0.04, 0.48] —
Wu etal 2004 2 7 45 73 74% 0.37 (019,0.72] ——
Yin etal.2004 68 246 32 11º 35% 0.08 [0.02, 0.40] TO
Zhang etal 2012 3 1520 2 12 35%  139/029,664) 1
Zhang etal 2013 D 15 9 2% 13% 000000111] >>>
Zhang etal2017 7 52 19 28 51% 007002023 ——
Total (95% Ch s217 3469 1000% — 0.35[0.24,0.51] e
Total events 307 “a
Heterogeneily: Tau?= 0.35, Ch = 50.11, df= 20 (P = 0.002), P= 60% im 1 q od

Testfor overall effect: Z= 5.59 (P « 0.00001)

Favours [experimental Favours [control

Fig. 3. Forest plot of the overall effect of mask-wearing on laboratory-confirmed respiratory viral infection.

hygiene and mask use recommendations [23], re-evaluating the home
quarantine strategy might be essential during the current COVID-19
pandemic [51,52].

4.3. Protective effects against influenza, SARS, and COVID-19

The risk of influenza, SARS, and COVID-19 infection were reduced
by 45%, 74%, and 96% by wearing masks, respectively, which were
consistent with previous meta-analyses during the SARS outbreaks
[9,53]. The previous systematic review ftom Xiao et al, though re-
porting non-significant protection of masks against the influenza virus
[6], did not strictly follow the PRISMA statement and represented
merely non-aggregated data. For example, there was one study [54]
included by Xiao et al. did not report a significantly protection by
wearing masks. However, it should be noted that the result of this study
was not convincing because the HIN1 pandemic broke out during the
study period, and the national hygiene campaign implemented at this
time influenced all participants to wear masks [54].

The insignificandy reduced risk of HINI infection following
masking could be partially explained by the relatively small sample size
and multiple confounding factors (e.g. prior vaccination, hand hygiene,
age, gender, and culture). Jeager et al., 2009 indicated that overall PPE
use among HCWs was low; as more than 25% of HCWs in this study
reported they never used PPE in any patient encounter, and only 17%
reported wearing masks with every HINI patient encounter, which
could significantly lower the sample size of data collected [27]. Also,
the same study [27] indicated that the majority of HCWs had received
regular seasonal influenza vaccination, which could play a role of
confounding factor contributing to protective effects toward control
group. Additionally, during acute outbreak of HIN1, specific preventive
measures were lagged behind HIN1 exposures. This could suggest that
HCWs might already have been infected before wearing masks, further
decreasing the powers of data collected.

4.4. Consistent protective effects between Asian and western countries

Due to current controversial guidelines between different countries

and areas, regarding the general public wearing masks. We also ana-
Iyzed its effects based on different geographic locations, showing that
wearing masks does provide protective effects in both Asian countries
and western countries by 69% and 55%, respectively. Among HCWs, it
reduced the risk in both Asian and westem countries. Especially, for
non-healthcare populations, reduced risk of 54% was found in westem
countries, and a reduced risk of 49% was found in Asia. This would
suggest that the proper use of masks might play a significant role in
public health efforts to suppress the spread of RVIs, regardless of the
geographic locations, especially during an outbreak.

4.5. Limitations and future perspective

The present meta-analysis still has several limitations. First, well-
designed high-quality prospective studies and studies of masking in the
general public are still insufficient. Second, Droplet-borne and airborne
viruses are likely to cause large-scale transmissions among the pas-
sengers within closed transportation vehicles [55]. However, relevant
studies are relatively rare [32]. Third, this article included some studies
of SARS patients diagnosed according to clinical diagnostic criteria for
SARS due to a low detection rate of RT-PCR [56]. The lack of sufficient
virologic evidence may affect our conclusions. However, this effect
might not be significant, as 92% of patients with clinical SARS for
whom paired sera were available had a > 4-fold rise in antibody titer to
SARS-Cov [57]. Fourth, control subjects without masking are generally
lacking in studies conducted in healthcare settings mainly due to the
ethical issue. Future studies might choose HCWs from departments
without needs of masking as controls [26]. Fifth, our study didn't have
sufficient data for subgroup analysis of different mask types since our
inclusion criteria mainly focused on masks versus no masks, which
might inherently omit studies that focused on effectiveness of different
mask types. Though there were published studies that had shown dif
ferent specifications of masks and different wearing methods may affect
the protective effect of masks [17,32]. And when the included studies
divided the time/frequency of wearing masks, we only included the
group of masks with the longest wearing/highest wearing frequency.
This might also ignore effects of the short/infrequent mask-wearing. In
M. Liang, et at.

Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

 

Mask Control Odds Ratio Odds Ratio
Study or Subgroup Events Total Events Total Weight M.H, Random, 95% CI M.H, Random, 95% CI
4.1.1 Healthcare workers

Cheng etal.2010 0 568 4 268 1,5% 0.05 [0.00, 0.96] + >>>»
Chokephaibulkit et al.2012 30 239 3 47 47% 0.67 (0.18, 2.47) + —
Jaeger etal.2011 o 20 9 43 15% 0.09 (0.00, 1,60] + >»>—>—1—

Loeb etal.2004 3 3 5 9 32% 012002077] ——>—

Ma etal.2004 15 293 32 180 81% 0.25 (0.13, 0.48] ——

Macintyre etal.2011 28 14410 15 481 81% 0.57 [0.30, 1.09) =

Teleman et al.2004 3 20 33 60 47% 0.11 (0.03, 0.39) [—

Wang etal.2020 0 278 10 215 15% 0.04 [0.00, 0,60] +—>>>>—
Wilder-Smith etal.2005 3 2 34 65 47% 0.13/0.04, 0.48] ——

Yin etal.2004 68 246 9 1 38% 0.08/0.02,040]) à —>—>—

Zhang etal.2012 33 152 2 12 38% 1.39 (0.29, 6.04) —1[—
Zhang etal.2017 7 52 19 28 55% 0.07 (0.02, 0.23] e

Subtotal (95% CI) 3362 1389 50,9% 0.20[0.11, 0.37] -

Total events 188 175

Heterogeneity. Tau" = 0.55, Ch? = 26.54, df= 11 (P = 0.005), P= 59%
Testfor overall effect: Z= 5.25 (P « 0.00001)

4.1.2 Non healthcare worker

Ailello 2012 12 392 18 370 74%
Barasheed et al.2014 4 36 2 53 32%
Cowling et al.2008 4 81 12 205 53%
Cowling et al.2009 18 258 28 279 82%
Suess et al.2012 6 89 19 82 62%
Sung et al.2016 40 91 95 920 95%
Wu etal.2004 27 70 46 73 79%
Zhang etal.2013 0 15 9 26 1,5%
Subtotal (95% CI) 1812 2008 49.1%
Total events 111 227

Heterogeneity: Tau? = 0.13, Ch? = 12.76, df= 7 (P= 0.08), F= 45%
Testfor overall effect: Z= 3.10 (P = 0.002)

Total (95% CI) 5174 3397 100.0%
Total events 299 402

Heterogeneity: Tau? = 0.36, Ch? = 48.34, df= 19 (P = 0.0002); = 61%
Testfor overall effect: Z= 5.63 (P < 0.00001)

Testfor subaroup differences: Chi = 7.01. df= 1 (P = 0.008),

 

5.7%

0.70 (0.33, 1.50)
3.19/0.55, 18.42]
1.13/0.35, 3.63]
0.67 [0.36, 1.25]

 

 

0.32 (0.12, 0.84) ——
0.40 [0.27, 0.58] =—
0.37 0.19, 0.72] ——
0.06 [0.00, 111] >>>»
0.53 [0.36, 0.79] o
0.34 [0.23, 0.49] e
— +
001 04 1 10 100

Favours [experimental] Favours (control)

Fig. 4. Forest plot of the effect of mask-wearing on laboratory-confirmed respiratory viral infection among HCW and non-HCW.

Table 4
Meta-analysis results of effect of masks on laboratory-confirmed respiratory
viral infection among different subgroups.

 

 

Subgroup Study OR 95WCI  Heterogeneity
numbers
Overall - 2a 0.35 0.240,51 60%
HOW vs Non-— HCWs 12 0.20 0.11-0.37 59%
Hows Non-HCWs 8 0.53 0.36-0.79 45%
NonHCWs | Household 3 0.60 0.37-0.97 31%
Non-houschold 5 0.44 0.330,59 54%
Countries Asian 15 0.31 0.19-0.50 65%
Western 6 045 0.240,83 51%
HOW based Asian 10 021 011041 64%
on Western 2 011 0.020,51 0%
countries
Non- HCWs Asian 4 051 034078 64%
basedon — western 4 0.46 0.340,63 57%
countries
virus types Influenza virus 12 055 0.39-0.76 27%
SARS-CoV 7 0.26 018-0.37 47%
SARS-CoV-2 1 0.04 0.00-0.60 0%
HINI 5 0.30 0.08-1.16 51%
Study designs Cluster RCTs 6 0.65 0.47-0.91 20%
Observational 15 0.24 0.150,38 52%
studies(cohort
and case control
studies)

 

HCW: Healthcare workers;
Randomized control trial.

Non-HCWs: Non-healthcare workers; RCT:

addition, the studies we included were mainly conducted in Asia,
especially China, and more evidence from other countries is needed to
support our views. Last but not least, information about other con-
founding biases, such as vaccination, hand hygiene, age, gender, and
culture, may affect the protective effect of masks.

5. Conclusion

The present systematic review and meta-analysis showed the gen-
eral efficacy of masks in preventing the transmission of RVis. Such
protective effects of masking are evidentiary for both healthcare and
non-healthcare workers and consistent between Asian and Westem
populations. More evidences are still needed to better clarify the ef
fectiveness of masking in various circumstances.

Funding

This work was not supported by any funding.
CRediT authorship contribution statement

Mingming Liang: Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal ana-
Iysis, Investigation, Methodology, Visualization, Writing - original
draft, Writing - review & editing. Liang Gao: Conceptualization, Data

curation, Formal analysis, Investigation, Methodology, Writing - ori-
ginal draft, Writing - review & editing. Ce Cheng: Investigation,
M. Liang, et at.

Writing - original draft, Writing - review & editing. Qin Zhou: Writing -
review & editing. John Patrick Uy: Writing - review & editing. Kurt
Heiner: Writing - review & editing. Chenyu Sun: Conceptualization,
Data curation, Formal analysis, Investigation, Methodology,
Supervision, Validation, Writing - original draft, Writing - review &
editing.

Declaration of competing interest

We declare no competing interests.
Appendix A. Supplementary data

Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://
doi.org/10.1016/j.tmaid.2020.101751.

References

[1] World Health Organization. WHO Director-General's opening remarks at the media

briefing on COVID- 19-11 March 2020. 2020. [eited 2020 March 10]. https://wvww.

who. int/dg/speeches/ detail/who-director-general-s-opening-remarks-at-the-media-
briefing-on-covid-19—11-march-2020.

Van Doremalen N, Bushmaker T, Morris DH, Holbrook MG, Gamble A, Williamson

BN, etal. Aerosol and surface stability of SARS-CoV-2 as compared with SARS-CoV-

1.N Engl J Med 2020. https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMC2004973.

[8] Davies À, Thompson K, Giri K, Kafatos G, Walker , Bemnett A. Testing the efficacy
of homemade masks: would they protect in an influenza pandemic? Disaster Med
Publie Health Prep 2013;7:413-8. https://doi.0rg/10.1017/dmp.2013.43.

[4] Barasheed O, Almasri N, Badahdah A, Heron L, Taylor J, McPhee K, et al. Pilot
tandomised controlled trial to test effectiveness of facemasks in preventing influ-
enzalike iliness transmission amo ng Australian Hajj pilgrims in 2011. Infect Disord
- Drug Targets 2014;14:110-6. https://doi.0rg/10.13140/RG.2.1.1889.9048.

[5] Lee SA, Grinshpun SA, Reponen T. Respiratory performance offered by NOS re-

spirators and surgical masks: human subject evaluation with NaCI aerosol re-

presenting bacterial and viral particle size range. Ann Oceup Hyg 2008;52:177-85.
https://doi.org/10.1093/annhyg/men0os.

Xiao J, Shiu EY, Gao H, Wong JY, Fong MW, Ryu 5, etal. Nonpharmaceutical

measures for pandemic influenza in nonhealtheare settings-personal protective and

environmental measures. Emerg Infect Dis 2020;26. https://doi.0rg/10.3201/
eid2605.190994. [Epub ahead of print].

Smith JD, MacDougall CC, Johnstone J, Copes RA, Schwartz B, Garber GE.

Effectiveness of N95 respirators versus surgical masks in protecting health care

workers from acute respiratory infection: a systematic review and meta-analysis

CMAJ (Can Med Assoc J) 2016;188:567-74. https://doi.org/10.1503/emaj. 150835.

[8] Saunders-Hastings P, Crispo J, Sikora L, Krewská D. Elfectiveness of personal pro-

tective measures in reducing pandemic influenza transmission: a systematic review

and meta-analysis. Epidemics 2017;20:1-20. https://doi.org/10.1016/].epidem.

2017.04.03.

Jefferson T, Foxlee R, Del Mar C, Dooley L, Ferroni E, Hewak B, et al. Physical

interventions to interrupt or reduce the spread of respiratory viruses: systematic

review. BMJ 2008;336:77-80. https://doi.org/10.1136/bmj.39393.510347.BE.

[10] Wells G, Shea B, O'Connell D, Peterson J, Welch V, Losos M, et al. The Newcastle-
Ottawa Scale (NOS) for assessing the quality of nonrandomised studies in meta-
analyses. 2009. [cited 2020 February5]. http://wwvi.ohri.ca/programs/elinical
epidemiology/oxford.asp.

[11] Jadad AR, Moore RA, Carroll D, Jenkinson C, Reynolds DJM, Gavaghan DJ, et al.
Assessing the quality of reports of randomized trials: is blinding necessary?
Contr Clin Trials 1996;17:1-12. https://doi.org/10.1016/0197-2456(95)00134-4.

R, Laird N. Meta-analysis in clinical trials. Contr Clin Trials

:177-88. https://doi.org/10.1016/0197-2456(86)90046-2.

[13] Begg CB, Mazumdar M. Operating characteristics of a rank correlation test for
publication bias. Biometries 1994;50:1088-101. https://doi.0rg/10.2307/
2533446.

[14] Egger M, Davey SG, Schneider M, Minder C. Bias in meta-analysis detected by a
simple, graphical test. BMJ 1997;315:629-34. https://doi.org/10.1136/bmj.315.
7109.629.

[15] The Cochrane Collaboration. Review manager (RevMan). 2014, Version 5.3.

[16] Teleman MD, Boudville IC, Heng BH, Zhu D, Leo YS. Factors associated with
transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome among health-care workers in
Singapore. Epidemiol Infect 2004;132:797-803. https://doi.org/10.10177
S0950268804002766.

[17] Wu 3, Xu F, Zhou W, Feikin DR, Lin C, He X, et al. Risk factors for SARS among
persons without known contact with SARS patients, Beijing, China. Emerg Infect Dis
2004;10:210-6. https://doi.org/10.3201 /eid1002.030730.

[18] LoebM, McGeer A, Henry B, Ofner M, Rose D, Hlyvika T, et al. SARS among critical
care nurses, Toronto. Emerg Infect Dis 2004;10:251-5. https://doi.0rg/10.3201/
eid1002.030838.

[19] Ma H, Wang H, Fang L, Jiang J, Wei M, Liu W, et al. A case-control study on the risk
factors of severe acute respiratory syndromes among health care workers.
Zhonghua Liuxingbingxue Zazhi 2004:13-6.

2

 

   

 

16)

7

    

 

 

   

    

19]

 

    

[12]

  

 

20]

em

22)

23]

24]

[25]

[26]

27

[28]

29]

[30]

mn

[32]

[33]

[34]

[35]

[36]

87

[38]

[39]

[40]

[41]

[42]

[43]

[44]

Travel Medicine and infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

Yin W, Gao L, Lin W, Du L, Zhang X, Zou Q, et al. Effeetiveness of personal pro-
tective measures in prevention of nosocomial transmission of severe acute re-
spiratory syndrome. Zhonghua Liuxingbingxue Zazhi 2004:26-30.

Wilder-Smith A, Teleman MD, Heng BH, Earnest A, Ling AE, Leo YS. Asymptomatie
SARS coronavirus infection among healtheare workers, Singapore. Emerg Infect Dis
://doi.org/10.3201/eidl 107.041165.

Nishiura H, Kuratsuji T, Quy T, Phi NC, Van Ban V, LE Dang HA, et al. Rapid
awareness and transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome in Hanoi French
Hospital, Vietnam. Am J Trop Med Hyg 2005;73:17-25. https://doi.0rg/10.42697
ajtmh. 2005.73.17.

Cowiling BJ, Fung RO, Cheng CK, Fang VJ, Chan KH, Seto WH, et al. Preliminary
findings of a randomized trial of non-pharmaceutical interventions to prevent in-
fluenza transmission in households. PloS One 2008;3:e2101https://doi.org/10.
1371/journalpone.0002101.

Cowling BJ, Chan K, Fang VJ, Cheng CK, Fung RO, Wai W, et al. Facemasks and
hand hygiene to prevent influenza transmission in houscholds: a cluster randomized
trial, Amn Intern Med 2009;151:437-46.

Cheng VC, Taí JW, Wong L, Chan JF, Li IW, To K, et al. Prevention of nosocomial
transmission of swine-origin pandemie influenza virus A/HINI by infection contro]
bundle. J Hosp Infect 2010:74:271-7. https://doi.org/10.1016/]jhin.2009.09.009.
Macintyre CR, Wang Q, Cauchemez 5, Seale H, Duyer DE, Yang P, etal. A cluster
tandomized clinical trial comparing fit-tested and non-fit-tested N95 respirators to
medical masks to prevent respiratory virus infection in health care workers.
Influenza Other Respir Viruses 2011;5:170-9. https://doi.0rg/10.1111/]1750-
2659.2011.00108.x.

Jaeger JL, Patel M, Dharan N, Hancock K, Meites E, Mattson C, et al. Transmi
of 2009 pandemie influenza A (HIN1) virus among healtheare personnel southern
California, 2009. Infeet Contr Hosp Epidemiol 2011;32:1149-57. https://doi.org/
10.1086/662709.

Aíello AE, Perez V, Coulborn RM, Davis BM, Uddin M, Monto AS. Facemasks, hand
hygiene, and influenza among young adults: a randomized intervention trial. PloS
One 2012:7:629744https://doi.org/10.1371/joumal. pone.0029744.

Suess T, Remschmidt €, Schink SB, Schweiger B, Nitsche A, Schroeder K, et al. The
role of facemasks and hand hygiene in the prevention of influenza transmission in
households: results from a cluster randomised trial; Berlin, Germany, 2009-2011.
BMG Infect Dis 2012;12:12-26. https://doi.0rg/10.1186/1471-2334-12-26.

Zhang Y, Seale H, Yang P, Macintyre CR, Blackwell B, Tang $, et al. Factors asso-
ciated with the transmission of pandemic (HIN1) 2009 among hospital healtheare
workers in Beijing, China. Influenza Other Respir Viruses 2013:7:466-71.
Chokephaibulkit K, Assanasen S, Apisarnthanarak A, Rongrungruang Y, Kachintorn
K, Tuntiwattanapibul Y, et al. Seroprevalence of 2009 HINI virus infection and
self-reported infection control practices among healtheare professionals following
the first outbreak in bangkok, Thailand. Influenza Other Respir Viruses
2013;7:359-63. https://doi.org/10.1111/irv.12016.

Zhang L, Peng Z, Ou J, Zeng G, Fontaine RE, Liu M, etal. Protection by face masks
against influenza A (HINI) pdm09 virus on trans-Pacifie passenger aireraft, 2009.
Emerg Infect Dis 2013;19:1403-10. https://doi.0rg/10.3201/eid1909.121765.
Sung AD, Sung JA, Thomass, Hyslop T, Gasparetto C, Long G, et al. Universal mask
usage for reduction of respiratory viral infections after stem cell transplant: a
prospective trial. Clin Infeet Dis 2016:63:999-1006. https://doi.0rg/10.1093/cid7
ciw451.

Zhang L. Study on correlation between nosocomial respiratory virus infection and
use of disposable respirator in medical staff. Nuts PractRes 2017;14:118-9. https://
doi.org/10.3969/j issn.1672-9676.2017.22.046.

Wang X, Pan Z, Cheng Z. Association between 2019-nCoV transmission and NOS
respirator use, J Hosp Infect 2020:30097-9. https://doi.0rg/10.1016/] jhin.2020.
02.021. 80195-6701(20.

Johnson DF, Druce JD, Birch C, Grayson ML. A quantitative assessment of the ef-
ficacy of surgical and N95 masks to filter influenza virus in patients with acute
influenza infection. Clin Infeet Dis 2009;49:275-7. https://doi.org/10.10867
600041.

Guo ZD, Wang ZY, Zhang SF, Li X, Li L, Li G, etal. Aerosol and surface distribution
of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 in hospital wards, Wuhan,
China, 2020. Emerg Infeet Dis 2020. https://doi.0rg/10.3201 /eid2607.200885.
Leung NHL, Chu DKW, Shiu EYC, Chan KH, MeDevitt JJ, Hau BJ-P, et al.
Respiratory virus shedding in exhaled breath and efficacy of face masks. Nat Med
2020. https://doi.0rg/10.1038/541591-020-0843-2,

Liu Y, Ning Z, Chen Y, Guo M, Liu YL, Gail NK, etal. Aerodynamic analysis of SARS-
CoV-2 in two Wuhan hospitals. Nature 2020. https://doi.0rg/10.1038/541586-020-
22713,

Garcia Godoy LR, Jones AE, Anderson TN, Fisher CL, Seeley KML, Beeson EA, etal.
Facial protection for healtheare workers during pandemies: a scoping review. BMJ
Glob Health 20205:6002553https://doi.org/10.1136/bmjgh-2020-002553.

Cheng VC, Wong SC, Chuang VW, Chuang VW, So SY, Chen JH, et al. The role of
community-wide wearing of face mask for control of coronavirus disease 2019
(COVID-19) epidemic due to SARS-CoV-2. J Infect 2020. https://doi.0rg/10.10167]
jinf.2020.04.024.

Schwartz J, King C, Yen M. Protecting health care workers during the COVID-19
coronavirus outhreak-lessons from taiwan's SARS response. Clin Infect Dis 2020.
https://doi.org/10.1093/cid/ciaa255.

Stickings T, Dyer €. Five more Italian doctors die batlling coronavirus: thirteen
medies have now lost their lives, with 2,629 health workers infected-8.3% of
country's total. 2020. [eited 2020 March 21). https://w ww dailymail.co.ulynews/
article-8129499/More-2-600-medical-workers-infected-coronavirus-Italy. html.
Sokol KA, De la Vega-Diaz 1, Edmondson-Martin K, Kim 5, Tindle 5, Wallach F, etal.
Masks for prevention of respiratory viruses on the BMT unit: results of a quality

  

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
M. Liang, et at.

[45]

[46)

[47]

[48]

[49]

[50)

[51]

initiative. Transpl Infect Dis 2016;18:965-7. https://doi.org/10.1111/tid 12608.
Wang D, Hu B, Hu G, Zhu F, Liu X, Zhang J, et al. Clinical characteristies of 138
hospitalized patients with 2019 novel coronavirus-infected pneumonia in Wuhan,
China. J Am Med Assoc 2020. https://doi.0rg/10.1001/jama.2020.1585.

Murthy S, Gomersall CD, Fowler RA. Care for critically il patients with COVID-19.
Am Med Assoe 2020. https://doi.org/10.1001 /jama.2020.3633.

Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19).
2020. [eited 2020 March 17]. https://www.ede. gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/
specific-groups /high-risk-complications.htm.

Eikenberry SE, Mancuso M, Iboi E, Phan T, Eikenberry K, Kuang y, etal. To mask or
not to mask: modeling the potential for face mask use by the general public to
curtail the COVID-19 pandemic. Infect Disease Model 2020;5:293-308. https://doi.
0rg/10.1016/jidm.2020.04.001.

Schwartz KL, Murti M, Finkelstein M, Leis JA, Fitagerald-Husek A, Bourns L, et al.
Lack of COVID-19 transmission on an international flight vol. 192. 2020. p. E410.
https://doiorg/10.1503/emaj.75015.

National Health Commission of the Pre. General prevention guidelines of 2019-
nCoV infected pneumonia. 2020. [cited 2020 March 8]. http://wwvi.nhe.gov.en/
xcs/kpes/202001 /3a1 363761 a9249a2b6047(34b772b5e6 shtml.

Chan JF, Yuan 5, Kok K, To KK, Chu H, Yang, et al. A familial cluster of pneumonia
associated with the 2019 novel coronavirus indicating person-to-person transmis-
sion: a study of a family cluster. Lancet 2020;395:514-23. https://doi.org/10.

[52]

[53]

[54]

[55]

[56]
[57]

Travel Medicine and infectious Disease 36 (2020) 101751

1016/80140-6736(20)30154-9.
Huang R, Xia J, Chen Y, Shan G, Wu G. A family cluster of SARS-CoV-2 infection
involving 11 patients in Nanjing, China. Lancet Infect Dis 2020. https://doi.org/10.
1016/S1473-3099(20)30147-X.

Offeddu V, Yung CF, Low MSF, Tam CC. Effectiveness of masks and respirators
against respiratory infections in healtheare workers: a systematic review and meta-
analysis. Clin Infect Dis 2017;65:1934-42. https://doi.org/10.1093/cid/cix681.
Simmerman JM, Suntarattiwong P, Levy J, Jarman RG, Kaevichana 5, Gibbons RV,
etal, Findings from a household randomized controlled trial of hand washing and
face masks to reduce influenza transmission in Bangkok, Thailand. Influenza Othes
Respir. Viruses 2011;5:256-67. Findings from a household randomized controlled
trial of hand washing and face masks to reduce influenza transmission in Bangkok,
Thailand.

National Health Commission of the Pre. Notice on issuing a new coronary virus
pneumonia diagnosis and treatment plan (Trial Version 7) [eited 2020 March 17].
hrtp://www.nhe.gov.en/y2ygj/57653p/202003/
4609294a7d fe 4ce(80de7(5912eb1 989.shtml; 2020.

Hui D, Cheong S, Wong PC, Wang C. SARS: clinical features and diagnosis.
Respirology 2003;8:820-4. https://doi.org/10.1046/].1440-1843.2003.00520:x.
Chan KH, Pon LL, Cheng V, Guan Y, Hung [, Kong J, et al. Detection of SARS.
coronavirus in patients with suspected SARS. Emerg Infeet Dis 2004;10:294-9.
https://doi.org/10.3201/eid1002.030610.

 

 
NEWS&ANALYSIS

Pelotas,
Brazil

1138

BIOMEDICINE

Wellcome Puts lts Money on Elite Researchers

The Wellcome Trust, the world's largest
research charity, this week announced the
first winners of a program of large single-
investigator awards to prominent biomedical
researchers. While this is greatnews for the 27
new Wellcome Investigators who will share
£57 million, hundreds of university-based
researchers stand to lose Wellcome funds as
the trust phases out some existing programs
to pay for the new category of investigators.

“It's a very good mixture of
names” says Wellcome chief Mark
Walport, who has championedthenew
awards as the best means of support-
ing exceptionally talented researchers
in Britain and elsewhere with globally
competitive and reliable funding. But
Paul Marshall, director of the 1994
Group of universities, warned that
other funders following the same path
could Iead to “over-reliance on a small
number of research “stars, and fears
for maintaining a broad base”

The Wellcome Trust, whose endowment
stood at £13.9 billion last year, will spend
£750 million this year on its full range of
fellowships, grant programs, and research
laboratories. Its annual budget matches that

of the publicly funded

Medical Research Coun-

cil (MRC) and slightly

exceeds that of its clos-
est U.S. equivalent, the
Howard Hughes Medi-
cal Institute (HHMD).
The trust announced in
2009 that it was going
to phase out several
long-running fund-
ing streams that
support hundreds

 

Wellcome Backs

the Golden Triangle
A Manchester.
Liverpooig

Odara
mi

 

Brightong,

a Senior investigar Avard
E Namlmesigtar Aa
BE Joint Sanior/Now Investigator Awant
Familiar territory. Wellcome focuses its awards on
U.K. powerhouses Oxford, Cambridge, and London.

3 JUNE 2011

of scientists, including its regular program,
project, and equipment grants, to free up
about £110 million annually for a new pro-
gram that handsomely rewarded a smaller
cadre of scientists judged to have the poten-
tial to do groundbreaking research (Science,
21 May 2010, p. 964). The plan has been lik-
ened to the approach employed by HHMI,
which concentrates most of its effort on sup-
porting 300 investigators in the United States.

 

Favored few. Recipients of Wellcome Investigator awards: Liverpool's
Alister Craig, Pedro Hallal from Brazil, and Oxford's Peter Rothwell.

Wellcome vettedthe resumés of 750 appli-
cants and chose 173 to complete an appli-
cation form that asked a handful of simple
questions about what the applicant was seek-
ing to investigate, how they'd do it, and why
it mattered. Nine review panels then picked
55 candidates to attend a “star chamber”
of prominent researchers; each was given
10 minutes and three slides to make his or her
case, before a brief interrogation.

The result, announced on 2 June, was
25 individual awards and one shared award,
over periods of up to 7 years, worth a total of
£57 million. Wellcome expects to issue three
or four smaller rounds of such awards each
year, and if these reflect the first round, it will
end up supporting more than 300 awardees at
a rate of about £350,000 a year each.

The 26 awards are heavily concentrated
among a handful of institutions: 21 of them
are going to the so-called golden triangle cit-
ies of London, Cambridge, and Oxford, with
15 going to just four universities. Four awards
go to scientists elsewhere in the United King-
dom. Pedro Hallal of Federal University of
Pelotas in Brazil is the only recipient working
outside the United Kingdom.

Awardees say the selection process made
a refreshing change from conventional grant
applications. The written application pro-
cess “was much shorter than usual but much
harder to do recalls Laurence Pearl, a struc-
tural biologist at the University of Sussex who
won about £2.5 million over 7 years to study
the role of the Hsp90 molecular carrier in acti-

Published by AMAS

vating and regulating proteins. “It didn't let
you hide behind the detail of what you're plan-
ning in the laboratory”

The star chamber “was completely
nerve-wracking” for molecular parasitolo-
gist Alister Craig of the Liverpool School
of Tropical Medicine, who won £1.4 million
over 5 years to study the accumulation of
infected blood cells in the brains of patients
with cerebral malaria. Six of the awards are
for “New Investigators)” people with
less than 5 years of postdoctoral
experience. Craig, like some other
winners, says he's “worried about
people who are too old for the “new”
investigator awards and not quite
ready for the “senior ones” He says
he hopes that the trust will work outa
way to restore project-specific grants
in some shape or form.

Clinician Peter Rothwell of the
University of Oxford thinks that he
was helped by having a project straddling two
fields—in his case, neuroscience and public
health. His team will use a £2.5 million award
to study practical steps to avert strokes, how
variable blood pressure contributes to them,
and the nonvascular effects of aspirin. “They
were willing to let me draw together these
three strands)” he says.

Hallal, 31, will study how physical exer-
cise by mothers and children affects lifelong
health. “Funding for research in Brazil is
almost always short term,” says Hallal, who
came across the program while visiting the
United Kingdom on a Royal Society fellow-
ship. “Seven years of support is extraordi-
narily important for my career”

Researchers are now eager to see what
effect this concentration of funds will have on
UK. biomedical research. Wellcome's proj-
ect grants “were the first step on the ladder for
many of us” says Jonathan Weber, director of
medical research at Imperial College London.
Applications for MRC grants have gone up
“markedly” since the Wellcome ones closed,
he says: “We still see that as unresolved”
Leszek Borysiewicz, vice-chancellor of the
University of Cambridge, which won four
awards, believes the impact will be positive:
“Universities will adapt to this way of funding
research?” MRC Chief Executive Jobn Savill
points out that the United Kingdom spends
£3 billion a year on biomedical research, leav-
ing “a lot of altematives” to the discontinued
Wellcome programs. —COLIN MACILWAIN
Colin Macilwain is a writer based in Edinburgh, U.K.

VOL332 SCIENCE www.sciencemag.org

PHOTO CREDITS (LEFT TO RIGHT): GMCCOY WYNNE; COURTESY OF PEDRO C. HALLAL; COURTESY OF PETER ROTHWELL

Downloaded from www.sciencemag.org on June 2, 2011
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

 

ORIGINAL ARTICLE

 

 

 

Efficacy and Safety of the mRNA-1273
SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine

L.R. Baden, H.M. El Sahly, B. Essink, K. Kotloff, S. Frey, R. Novak, D. Diemert,
S.A. Spector, N. Rouphael, C.B. Creech, J. McGettigan, S. Khetan, N. Segall,
J. Solis, A. Brosz, €. Fierro, H. Schwartz, K. Neuzil, L. Corey, P. Gilbert, H. Janes,
D. Follmann, M. Marovich, J. Mascola, L. Polakowski, J. Ledgerwood,
B.S. Graham, H. Bennett, R. Pajon, C. Knightly, B. Leav, W. Deng, H. Zhou,
S. Han, M. Ivarsson, ). Miller, and T. Zaks, for the COVE Study Group*

 

ABSTRACT

 

BACKGROUND
Vaccines are needed to prevent coronavirus disease 2019 (Covid-19) and to protect
persons who are at high risk for complications. The mRNA-1273 vaccine is a lipid
nanoparticle-encapsulated mRNA-based vaccine that encodes the prefusion stabi-
lized full-length spike protein of the severe acute respiratory syndrome corona-
virus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the virus that causes Covid-19.

METHODS
This phase 3 randomized, observer-blinded, placebo-controlled trial was conducted
at 99 centers across the United States. Persons at high risk for SARS-CoV-2 infec-
tion or its complications were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive two intra-
muscular injections of mRNA-1273 (100 ug) or placebo 28 days apart. The pri-
mary end point was prevention of Covid-19 illness with onset at least 14 days after
the second injection in participants who had not previously been infected with
SARS-CoV-2.

RESULTS
The trial enrolled 30,420 volunteers who were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to
receive either vaccine or placebo (15,210 participants in each group). More than
96% of participants received both injections, and 2.2% had evidence (serologic,
virologic, or both) of SARS-CoV-2 infection at baseline. Symptomatic Covid-19 ill-
ness was confirmed in 185 participants in the placebo group (56.5 per 1000 person-
years; 95% confidence interval [CN, 48.7 to 65.3) and in 11 participants in the mRNA-
1273 group (3.3 per 1000 person-years; 95% CI, 1.7 to 6.0); vaccine efficacy was
94,1% (95% CI, 89.3 to 96.8%; P<0.001). Efficacy was similar across key secondary
analyses, including assessment 14 days after the first dose, analyses that included
participants who had evidence of SARS-CoV-2 infection at baseline, and analyses
in participants 65 years of age or older. Severe Covid-19 occurred in 30 partici-
pants, with one fatality; all 30 were in the placebo group. Moderate, transient re-
actogenicity after vaccination occurred more frequently in the mRNA-1273 group.
Serious adverse events were rare, and the incidence was similar in the two groups.

CONCLUSIONS
The mRNA-1273 vaccine showed 94.1% efficacy at preventing Covid-19 illness,
including severe disease. Aside from transient local and systemic reactions, no
safety concerns were identified. (Funded by the Biomedical Advanced Research
and Development Authority and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases; COVE ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT04470427.)

N ENGL) MED NEJM.ORG

The authors! full names, academic de-
grees, and affiiations are listed in the
Appendix. Address reprint requests to
Dr. El Sahly atthe Departments of Molec
ular Virology and Microbiology and Medi-
cine, 1 Baylor Plaza, BCM-MS280, Houston,
TX 77030, or at hanaelsahlyGObem.edu;
or to Dr. Baden at the Division of Infec-
tious Diseases, Brigham and Women's
Hospital, 15 Francis St., PBB-A4, Boston,
MAOZ1I5, oratlbadenGObwh.harvard.edu.

*A complete list of members ofthe COVE
Study Group is provided in the Supple-
mentary Appendix, available at NEJM.org,

Drs. Baden and El Sahly contributed equal.
ly to this article.

This articlewas published on December 30,
2020, at NEJM.org.

DOI: 10.1056/NEJMoa 2035389
Copyright (O) 2020 Massachusetts Medical Society.
A Quick Take
is available at
NEJM.org

The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

HE EMERGENCE IN DECEMBER 2019 OF A

novel coronavirus, the severe acute respi-

ratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-
CoV-2), has had devastating consequences glob-
ally. Control measures such as the use of masks,
physical distancing, testing of exposed or symp-
tomatic persons, contact tracing, and isolation
have helped limit the transmission where they have
been rigorously applied; however, these actions
have been variably implemented and have proved
insufficient in impeding the spread of coronavi-
rus disease 2019 (Covid-19), the disease caused by
SARS-CoV-2. Vaccines are needed to reduce the
morbidity and mortality associated with Covid-19,
and multiple vaccine platforms have been involved
in the rapid development of vaccine candidates.'”

The mRNA vaccine platform has advantages
as a pandemic-response strategy, given its flexi-
bility and efficiency in immunogen design and
manufacturing. Earlier work had suggested that
the spike protein of the coronavirus responsible
for the 2002 SARS outbreak was a suitable target
for protective immunity.” Numerous vaccine can-
didates in various stages of development are now
being evaluated. Shortly after the SARS-Cov-2
genetic sequence was determined in January
2020, mRNA-1273, a lipid-nanoparticle (LNP)-
encapsulated mRNA vaccine expressing the pre-
fusion-stabilized spike glycoprotein, was developed
by Moderna and the Vaccine Research Center at
the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases (NIAID), within the National Institutes
of Health (NIH).!º The mRNA-1273 vaccine dem-
onstrated protection in animal-challenge experi-
ments!S and encouraging safety and immunoge-
nicity in early-stage human testing." The efficacy
and safety of another mRNA vaccine, BNT162b2,
was recently demonstrated!

The Coronavirus Efficacy (COVE) phase 3 trial
was launched in late July 2020 to assess the
safety and efficacy of the mRNA-1273 vaccine in
preventing SARS-CoV-2 infection. An independent
data and safety monitoring board determined
that the vaccine met the prespecified efficacy
criteria at the first interim analysis. We report the
primary analysis results of this ongoing pivotal
phase 3 trial.

METHODS

TRIAL OVERSIGHT
This phase 3 randomized, stratified, observer-
blinded, placebo-controlled trial enrolled adults

N ENGL) MED

in medically stable condition at 99 U.S. sites.
Participants received the first trial injection be-
tween July 27 and October 23, 2020. The trial is
being conducted in accordance with the Inter-
national Council for Harmonisation of Techni-
cal Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Hu-
man Use, Good Clinical Practice guidelines,
and applicable government regulations. The cen-
tral institutional review board approved the
protocol and the consent forms. All partici-
pants provided written informed consent be-
fore enrollment. Safety is reviewed by a protocol
safety review team weekly and by an indepen-
dent data and safety monitoring board on a
continual basis. The trial Investigational New
Drug sponsor, Moderna, was responsible for
the overall trial design (with input from the
Biomedical Advanced Research and Develop-
ment Authority, the NIAID, the Covid-19 Pre-
vention Network, and the trial cochairs), site
selection and monitoring, and data analysis.
Investigators are responsible for data collection.
A medical writer funded by Moderna assisted
in drafting the manuscript for submission. The
authors vouch for the accuracy and complete-
ness of the data and for the fidelity of the trial
to the protocol. The trial is ongoing, and the
investigators remain unaware of participant-
level data. Designated team members within
Moderna have unblinded access to the data, to
facilitate interface with the regulatory agencies
and the data and safety monitoring board; all
other trial staff and participants remain un-
aware of the treatment assignments.

PARTICIPANTS, RANDOMIZATION, AND DATA
BLINDING

Eligible participants were persons 18 years of age
or older with no known history of SARS-CoV-2
infection and with locations or circumstances
that put them at an appreciable risk of SARS-
CoV-2 infection, a high risk of severe Covid-19,
or both. Inclusion and exclusion criteria are pro-
vided in the protocol (available with the full text
of this article at NEJM.org). To enhance the di-
versity of the trial population in accordance with
Food and Drug Administration Draft Guidance,
site-selection and enrollment processes were
adjusted to increase the number of persons from
racial and ethnic minorities in the trial, in addi-
tion to the persons at risk for SARS-CoV-2 infec-
tion in the local population. The upper limit for
stratification of enrolled participants considered

NEJM.ORG
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF MRNÃ-1275 SARS-COV-2 VACCINE

to be “at risk for severe illness” at screening was
increased from 40% to 50%.'7

Participants were randomly assigned in a 1:1
ratio, through the use of a centralized interactive
response technology system, to receive vaccine or
placebo. Assignment was stratified, on the basis
of age and Covid-19 complications risk criteria,
into the following risk groups: persons 65 years
of age or older, persons younger than 65 years of
age who were at heightened risk (at risk) for se-
vere Covid-19, and persons younger than 65 years
of age without heightened risk (not at risk). Par-
ticipants younger than 65 years of age were cate-
gorized as having risk for severe Covid-19 if they
had at least one of the following risk factors,
based on the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention (CDC) criteria available at the time of trial
design: chronic lung disease (e.g., emphysema,
chronic bronchitis, idiopathic pulmonary fibro-
sis, cystic fibrosis, or moderate-to-severe asthma);
cardiac disease (e.g, heart failure, congenital
coronary artery disease, cardiomyopathies, or pul-
monary hypertension); severe obesity (body mass
index [the weight in Kkilograms divided by the
square of the height in meters] >40); diabetes
(type 1, type 2, or gestational); liver disease; or in-
fection with the human immunodeficiency virus.!*

Vaccine dose preparation and administration
were performed by pharmacists and vaccine ad-
ministrators who were aware of treatment as-
signments but had no other role in the conduct
of the trial. Once the injection was completed,
only trial staff who were unaware of treatment
assignments performed assessments and inter-
acted with the participants. Access to the ran-
domization code was strictly controlled at the
pharmacy. The data and safety monitoring board
reviewed efficacy data at the group level and
unblinded safety data at the participant level.

TRIAL VACCINE
The mRNA-1273 vaccine, provided as a sterile
liquid at a concentration of 0.2 mg per milliliter,
was administered by injection into the deltoid
muscle according to a two-dose regimen. Injec-
tions were given 28 days apart, in the same arm,
in a volume of 0.5 ml containing 100 ug of
mRNA-1273 or saline placebo.! Vaccine mRNA-
1273 was stored at 2º to 8ºC (35.6º to 46.4ºF) at
clinical sites before preparation and vaccination.
No dilution was required. Doses could be held in
syringes for up to 8 hours at room temperature
before administration.

N ENGL) MED

SAFETY ASSESSMENTS
Safety assessments included monitoring of solic-
ited local and systemic adverse events for 7 days
after each injection; unsolicited adverse reac-
tions for 28 days after each injection; adverse
events leading to discontinuation from a dose,
from participation in the trial, or both; and
medically attended adverse events and serious
adverse events ftom day 1 through day 759. Ad-
verse event grading criteria and toxicity tables
are described in the protocol. Cases of Covid-19
and severe Covid-19 were continuously moni-
tored by the data and safety monitoring board
from randomization onward.

EFFICACY ASSESSMENTS
The primary end point was the efficacy of the
mRNA-1273 vaccine in preventing a first occur-
rence of symptomatic Covid-19 with onset at
least 14 days after the second injection in the
per-protocol population, among participants who
were seronegative at baseline. End points were
judged by an independent adjudication committee
that was unaware of group assignment. Covid-19
cases were defined as occurring in participants
who had at least two of the following symptoms:
fever (temperature >38ºC), chills, myalgia, head-
ache, sore throat, or new olfactory or taste dis-
order, or as occurring in those who had at least
one respiratory sign or symptom (including cough,
shortness of breath, or clinical or radiographic
evidence of pneumonia) and at least one naso-
pharyngeal swab, nasal swab, or saliva sample
(or respiratory sample, if the participant was
hospitalized) that was positive for SARS-Cov-2
by reverse-transcriptase-polymerase-chain-reac-
tion (RT-PCR) test. Participants were assessed for
the presence of SARS-CoV-2-binding antibodies
specific to the SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid protein
(Roche Elecsys, Roche Diagnostics International)
and had a nasopharyngeal swab for SARS-CoV-2
RT-PCR testing (Viracor, Eurofins Clinical Di-
agnostics) before each injection. SARS-CoV-2-
infected volunteers were followed daily, to assess
symptom severity, for 14 days or until symptoms
resolved, whichever was longer. A nasopharyn-
geal swab for RT-PCR testing and a blood sam-
ple for identifying serologic evidence of SARS-
CoV-2 infection were collected from participants
with symptoms of Covid-19.

The consistency of vaccine efficacy at the pri-
mary end point was evaluated across various
subgroups, including age groups (18 to <65 years

NEJM.ORG
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

of age and >65 years), age and health risk for
severe disease (18 to <65 years and not at risk;
18 to <65 years and at risk; and >65 years), sex
(female or male), race and ethnic group, and risk
for severe Covid-19 illness. If the number of
participants in a subgroup was too small, it was
combined with other subgroups for the sub-
group analyses.

A secondary end point was the efficacy of
mRNA-1273 in the prevention of severe Covid-19
as defined by one of the following criteria: respi-
ratory rate of 30 or more breaths per minute;
heart rate at or exceeding 125 beats per minute;
oxygen saturation at 93% or less while the par-
ticipant was breathing ambient air at sea level or
a ratio of the partial pressure of oxygen to the
fraction of inspired oxygen below 300 mm Hg;
respiratory failure; acute respiratory distress syn-
drome; evidence of shock (systolic blood pressure
<90 mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure <60 mm Hg,
or a need for vasopressors); clinically significant
acute renal, hepatic, or neurologic dysfunction;
admission to an intensive care unit; or death.
Additional secondary end points included the
efficacy of the vaccine at preventing Covid-19
after a single dose or at preventing Covid-19 ac-
cording to a secondary (CDC), less restrictive
case definition: having any symptom of Covid-19
and a positive SARS-CoV-2 test by RT-PCR (see
Table S1 in the Supplementary Appendix, avail-
able at NEJM.org).

STATISTICAL ANALYSIS
For analysis of the primary end point, the trial
was designed for the null hypothesis that the
efficacy of the mRNA-1273 vaccine is 30% or
less. A total of 151 cases of Covid-19 would pro-
vide 90% power to detect a 60% reduction in the
hazard rate (i.e., 60% vaccine efficacy), with two
planned interim analyses at approximately 35%
and 70% of the target total number of cases
(151) and with a one-sided O'Brien-Fleming
boundary for efficacy and an overall one-sided
error rate of 0.025. The efficacy of the mRNA-
1273 vaccine could be demonstrated at either the
interim or the primary analysis, performed when
the target total number of cases had been ob-
served. The Lan-DeMets alpha-spending func-
tion was used for calculating efficacy boundar-
ies at each analysis. At the first interim analysis
on November 15, 2020, vaccine efficacy had been
demonstrated in accordance with the prespeci-
fied statistical criteria. The vaccine efficacy esti-

N ENGL) MED

mate, based on a total of 95 adjudicated cases
(63% of the target total), was 94,5%, with a
one-sided P value of less than 0.001 to reject the
null hypothesis that vaccine efficacy would be
30% or less. The data and safety monitoring
board recommendation to the oversight group
and the trial sponsor was that the efficacy find-
ings should be shared with the participants and
the community (full details are available in the
protocol and statistical analysis plan).

Vaccine efficacy was assessed in the full analy-
sis population (randomized participants who re-
ceived at least one dose of mRNA-1273 or pla-
cebo), the modified intention-to-treat population
(participants in the full analysis population who
had no immunologic or virologic evidence of
Covid-19 on day 1, before the first dose), and the
per-protocol population (participants in the mod-
ified intention-to-treat population who received
two doses, with no major protocol deviations).
The primary efficacy end point in the interim
and primary analyses was assessed in the per-
protocol population. Participants were evaluated
in the treatment groups to which they were as-
signed. Vaccine efficacy was defined as the per-
centage reduction in the hazard ratio for the
primary end point (mRNA-1273 vs. placebo). A
stratified Cox proportional hazards model was
used to assess the vaccine efficacy of mRNA-1273
as compared with placebo in terms of the per-
centage hazard reduction. (Details regarding the
analysis of vaccine efficacy are provided in the
Methods section of the Supplementary Appendix.)

Safety was assessed in all participants in the
solicited safety population (i.e., those who re-
ceived at least one injection and reported a solic-
ited adverse event). Descriptive summary data
(numbers and percentages) for participants with
any solicited adverse events, unsolicited adverse
events, unsolicited severe adverse events, serious
adverse events, medically attended adverse
events, and adverse events leading to discontinu-
ation of the injections or withdrawal from the
trialare provided by group. Two-sided 95% exact
confidence intervals (Clopper-Pearson method)
are provided for the percentages of participants
with solicited adverse events. Unsolicited adverse
events are presented according to the Medical
Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA), ver-
sion 23.0, preferred terms and system organ
class categories.

To meet the regulatory agencies! requirement of
a median follow-up duration of at least 2 months

NEJM.ORG
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF MRNÃ-1275 SARS-COV-2 VACCINE

 

 

 

30,420 Participants undenwent
randomization (1:1)

 

 

 

 

 

15,210 Were assigned to receive
tiwo doses of mRNA-1273,
100 pg each

15,210 Were assigned to receive
placebo

 

 

 

15,185 Were included in the
safety analysis.

15,166 Were included in the
safety analysis.

15,181 Received at least one
dose and were included
in the full analysis set

29 Did not receive any
injection

15,170 Received at least one
dose and were included
in the full analysis set

40 Did not receive any
injection

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

14,550 Were included in the
modified intention-to-
treat population

631 Were SARS-CoV-2-positive
at baseline or had missing

14,598 Were included in the
modified intention-o-
treat population

572 Were SARS-CoV-2-positive
at baseline or had missing

data and were excluded

 

 

 

data and were excluded

 

 

 

 

416 Were excluded from per-protocol analysis
6 Received an incorrect mRNA injection
168 Discontinued without receiving dose 2
93 Received dose 2 outside dose 2 window
138 Did not receive dose 2, or were out
of window for per-protocol analysis
11 Had other major deviations from protocol

 

 

 

 

525 Were excluded from perprotocol analysis
7 Received incorrect injection
231 Discontinued without receiving dose 2
109 Received dose 2 outside dose 2 window
154 Did not receive dose 2, or were out
of window for per-protocol analysis
24 Had other major deviations from protocol

 

 

 

 

 

 

14,134 Were included in the
per-protocol analysis

 

 

 

14,073 Were included in the
per-protocol analysis

 

 

 

Figure 1. Randomization and Analysis Populations.
The data cutoff for the primary analysis occurred on November 25, 2020. The full analysis population consisted of participants who un-
derwent randomization and received at least one dose of mRNA-1273 or placebo; the modified intention-to-treat population comprised
participants in the full analysis population who had no immunologic or virologic evidence of Covid-19 on day 1, before the first dose;
and the per-protocol analysis population included participants in the modified intention-to-treat population who received two doses,
with no major protocol deviations. The safety population included all participants who received at least one injection. Among partici-
pants who received an incorrect injection, three participants in the mRNA-1273 group received at least one dose of placebo and no dose
of mRNA-1273 and were included in the placebo safety population, and three received one dose of placebo and one dose of mRNA-1273
and were included in the mRNA-1273 safety population; in the placebo group all seven received mRNA-1273 and were included in the
mRNA-1273 safety population. Participants who received dose 2 outside the window for the per-protocol analysis are those who did not

  

 

receive the second dose between 7 days before and 14 days after day 29.

 

 

 

after completion of the two-dose regimen, a sec-
ond analysis was performed, with an efficacy
data cutoff date of November 21, 2020. This
second analysis is considered the primary analy-
sis of efficacy, with a total of 196 adjudicated
Covid-19 cases in the per-protocol population,
which exceeds the target total number of cases
(151) specified in the protocol. This was an in-
crease from the 95 cases observed at the first
interim analysis data cutoff on November 11,
2020. Results from the primary analysis are pre-

N ENGL) MED

sented in this report. Subsequent analyses are
considered supplementary.

RESULTS

TRIAL POPULATION
Between July 27, 2020, and October 23, 2020, a
total of 30,420 participants underwent random-
ization, and the 15,210 participants in each
group were assigned to receive two doses of ei-
ther placebo or mRNA-1273 (100 ug) (Fig. 1).

NEJM.ORG

 
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

Table 1. Demographic and Clinical Characteristics at Baseline.*

 

 

Characteristics

Sex— no. of participants (9%)
Male
Female

Mean age (range) — yr

Placebo
(N=15,170)

8,062 (53.1)
7,108 (46.9)
51.3 (18-95)

Age category and risk for severe Covid-19 — no. of participants (%6)j

18 to <65 yr, notat risk
18 to <65 yr, at risk
=65 yr
Hispanic or Latino ethnicity — no. of participants (26)t
Hispanic or Latino
Not Hispanic or Latino
Not reported and unknown
Race or ethnic group — no. of participants (36)
white
Black or African American
Asian
American Indian or Alaska Native
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander
Multiracial
Other
Not reported and unknown
Baseline SARS-CoV-2 status — no. of participants (96)$
Negative
Positive
Missing data
Baseline RT-PCR test — no. of participants (%)
Negative
Positive
Missing data
Baseline bAb anti-SARS-CoV-2 assay — no. of participants (%6)
Negative
Positive
Missing data
Risk factor for severe Covid-19 — no. of participants (96)
Chronic lung disease
Significant cardiac disease
Severe obesity
Diabetes
Liver disease

Human immunodeficiency virus infection

3,886 (58.6)
2,535 (16.7)
3,749 (24.7)

3,114 (20.5)
11,917 (78.6)
139 (0.9)

11,995 (79.1)

1,527 (101)
731 (4.8)
121 (0.3)
32 (0.2)
321 (2.1)
316 (2.1)
127 (0.8)

14,598 (96.2)
337 (2.2)
235 (1.5)

14,923 (98.4)
95 (0.6)
152 (1.0)

14,726 (97.1)
303 (2.0)
141 (0.9)

744 (4.9)
744 (4.9)
1,021 (6.7)
1,440 (9.5)
96 (0.6)
87 (0.6)

mRNA-1273
(N=15,181)

7,923 (52.2)
7,258 (478)
51.4 (18-95)

3,888 (58.5)
2,530 (16.7)
3,763 (24.8)

3,121 (20.6)
11,918 (78.5)
142 (0.9)

12,029 (79.2)

1,563 (10.3)
651 (4.3)
112 (0.7)
35 (0.2)
315 (2.1)
321 (2.1)
155 (10)

14,550 (95.8)
343 (2,3)
288 (1.9)

14,917 (98.3)
87 (0.6)
177 (1.2)

14,690 (96.8)
305 (2.0)
186 (1.2)

710 (4.7)
752 (5.0)
1,025 (6.8)
1,435 (9.5)
100 (0.7)
92 (0.6)

Total
(N=30,351)

15,985 (52.7)
14,366 (47.3)
51.4 (18-95)

17,774 (58.6)
5,065 (16.7)
7,512 (24.8)

6,235 (20.5)
23,835 (78.5)
281 (0.9)

24,024 (79.2)
3,090 (10.2)
1,382 (4.6)

233 (0.8)

67 (0.2)
636 (2.1)
637 (2.1)
282 (0.9)

29,148 (96.0)
680 (2.2)
523 (1.7)

29,840 (98.3)
182 (0.6)
329 (1.1)

29,416 (96.9)
608 (2.0)
327 (11)

1454 (4.8)
1,496 (4.9)
2,046 (6.7)
2,875 (9.5)
196 (0.6)
179 (0.6)

 

N ENGLJ MED NEJM.ORG

 
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF MRNÃ-1275 SARS-COV-2 VACCINE

 

 

Table 1. (Continued.)
Placebo mRNA-1273 Total
Characteristics (N=15,170) (N=15,181) (N=30,351)
Body-mass index
No. of participants 15,007 14,985 29,992
Mean +SD 29.346.7 29.3+6.9 29.346.8

 

 

 

* Internet-based randomization was used to assign participants to treatment groups on the basis of information entered by the investigator
regarding the participant's age and coexisting conditions. Percentages are based on the full analysis population; baseline demographics
and characteristics for the per-protocol population are provided in the Supplementary Appendix. Percentages may not total 100 because of
rounding. The abbreviation bAb denotes binding antibody concentration, and RT-PCR reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction.

+ Risk was based on a stratification factor from the Internet-based interactive response system used for randomization; participants who were
younger than 65 years of age were categorized as at risk for severe Covid-19 illness if they had at least one of the risk factors specified in the
trial protocol at screening.

Race or ethnic group was reported by the participant. Participants could be included in more than one category.

 Baseline SARS-CoV-2 status was positive if there was immunologic or virologic evidence of previous illness with Covid-19, as defined by
a positive RT-PCR test or a positive bAb against SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid assay result that was above the limit of detection or by a lower

limit of quantification at day 1. Baseline SARS-CoV-2 status was negative if there was a negative RT-PCR test and negative bAb against

SARS-CoV-2 assay result at day 1.

4 The body-mass index is the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters.

 

More than 96% of participants received the sec-
ond dose (Fig. S1). Common reasons for not re-
ceiving the second dose were withdrawal of
consent (153 participants) and the detection of
SARS-CoV-2 by PCR before the administration
of the second dose on day 29 (114 participants:
69 in the placebo group and 45 in the mRNA-
1273 group). The primary efficacy and safety
analyses were performed in the per-protocol and
safety populations, respectively. Of the partici-
pants who received a first injection, 14,073 of
those in the placebo group and 14,134 in the
mRNA-1273 group were included in the primary
efficacy analysis; 525 participants in the placebo
group and 416 in the mRNA-1273 group were
excluded ftom the per-protocol population, in-
cluding those who had not received a second
dose by the day 29 data cutoff (Fig. 1). As of
November 25, 2020, the participants had a me-
dian follow-up duration of 64 days (range, O to
97) after the second dose, with 61% of partici-
pants having more than 56 days of follow-up.
Baseline demographic characteristics were
balanced between the placebo group and the
mRNA-1273 vaccine group (Table 1 and Table S2).
The mean age of the participants was 51.4 years,
47.3% of the participants were female, 24.8%
were 65 years of age or older, and 16.7% were
younger than 65 years of age and had predispos-
ing medical conditions that put them at risk for
severe Covid-19. The majority of participants
were White (79.2%), and the racial and ethnic

N ENGL) MED

proportions were generally representative of U.S.
demographics, including 10.2% Black or African
American and 20.5% Hispanic or Latino. Evi-
dence of SARS-CoV-2 infection at baseline was
present in 2.3% of participants in the mRNA-
1273 group and in 2.2% in the placebo group, as
detected by serologic assay or RT-PCR testing.

SAFETY
Solicited adverse events at the injection site oc-
curred more frequently in the mRNA-1273 group
than in the placebo group after both the first
dose (84.2%, vs. 19.8%) and the second dose
(88.6%, vs. 18.8%) (Fig. 2 and Tables S3 and S4).
In the mRNA-1273 group, injection-site events
were mainly grade 1 or 2 in severity and lasted
a mean of 2.6 and 3.2 days after the first and
second doses, respectively (Table S5). The most
common injection-site event was pain after in-
jection (86.0%). Delayed injection-site reactions
(those with onset on or after day 8) were noted
in 244 participants (0.8%) after the first dose
and in 68 participants (0.2%) after the second
dose. Reactions were characterized by erythema,
induration, and tenderness, and they resolved
over the following 4 to 5 days. Solicited sys-
temic adverse events occurred more often in the
mRNA-1273 group than in the placebo group
after both the first dose (54.9%, vs. 42.2%) and
the second dose (79.4%, vs. 36.5%). The severity
of the solicited systemic events increased after
the second dose in the mRNA-1273 group, with

NEJM.ORG
The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

E Gradel Grade? IH Grade 3
À Local Events
100-
Ê 75
E
Ê
E
£
ss
8
&
g
z
Ê 25
o ed uh
PSA SAS SAD SAD A SNS
ELSOS ESSE ES $ $ s
” E E »” E E »” E Es » ” Es E »” ” E E »”
ER) Pd Pg E EE
Fe ECA ECA É Far
Ra ES ES ES Ra
<< <e << << <<
Any Adverse Event Pain Erythema Swelling Lymphadenopathy
B Systemic Events
100-
Ê 75:
E
Ê
E
£
& so
So
E
Ê
Ê 25.
0:
PSA PISA PINA DIA SIS IND IINDÃ PANDA
ELSOS ES ES ES ESSE ESSE ES
» AR aÃ ” EEE” ” Es EM »” E EM »” E” e E” Rd
EO EO ESTO EO EO EO EO ERES
Fat? PR FE Pat Fa FR Fa Fat
ES Ra ES ES & ES Ra
<s < << << <e <e <
Any Adverse Fever Headache Fatigue Myalgia Arthralgia Nausea Chills
Event or Vomiting
Figure 2. Solicited Local and Systemic Adverse Events.
Shown is the percentage of participants who had a solicited local or systemic adverse event within 7 days after injection 1 or injection 2
ofeither the placebo or the mRNA-1273 vaccine.

 

 

 

 

an increase in proportions of grade 2 events
(from 16.5% after the first dose to 38.1% after
the second dose) and grade 3 events (from 2.9%
to 15.8%). Solicited systemic adverse events in the
mRNA-1273 group lasted a mean of 2.6 days and
3.1 days after the first and second doses, respec-

N ENGL) MED

tively (Table S5). Both solicited injection-site and
systemic adverse events were more common
among younger participants (18 to <65 years of
age) than among older participants (>65 years
of age). Solicited adverse events were less com-
mon in participants who were positive for SARS-

NEJM.ORG
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF MRNÃ-1275 SARS-COV-2 VACCINE

CoV-2 infection at baseline than in those who
were negative at baseline (Tables S6 and S7).
The frequency of unsolicited adverse events,
unsolicited severe adverse events, and serious
adverse events reported during the 28 days after
injection was generally similar among partici-
pants in the two groups (Tables S8 through S11).
Three deaths occurred in the placebo group (one
from intraabdominal perforation, one from car-
diopulmonary arrest, and one from severe sys-
temic inflammatory syndrome in a participant
with chronic lymphocytic leukemia and diffuse
bullous rash) and two in the vaccine group (one
from cardiopulmonary arrest and one by sui-
cide). The frequency of grade 3 adverse events in
the placebo group (1.3%) was similar to that in
the vaccine group (1.5%), as were the frequencies
of medically attended adverse events (9.7% vs.
9.0%) and serious adverse events (0.6% in both
groups). Hypersensitivity reactions were report-
ed in 1.5% and 1.1% of participants in the vac-
cine and placebo groups, respectively (Table S12).
BelPs palsy occurred in the vaccine group (3 par-
ticipants [<0.1%]) and the placebo group (1 partici-
pant [<0.1%]) during the observation period of
the trial (more than 28 days after injection).
Overall, 0.5% of participants in the placebo
group and 0.3% in the mRNA-1273 group had
adverse events that resulted in their not receiving
the second dose, and less than 0.1% of partici-
pants in both groups discontinued participation
in the trial because of adverse events after any
dose (Table 88). No evidence of vaccine-associated
enhanced respiratory disease was noted, and
fewer cases of severe Covid-19 or any Covid-19
were observed among participants who received
mRNA-1273 than among those who received
placebo (Tables S13 and S14). Adverse events
that were deemed by the trial team to be related
to the vaccine or placebo were reported among
4.5% of participants in the placebo group and
8.2% in the mRNA-1273 group. The most com-
mon treatment-related adverse events (those re-
ported in at least 1% of participants) in the pla-
cebo group and the mRNA-1273 group were
fatigue (1.2% and 1.5%) and headache (0.9% and
1.4%). In the overall population, the incidence of
treatment-related severe adverse events was
higher in the mRNA-1273 group (71 participants
[0.5%]) than in the placebo group (28 partici-
pants [0.2%]) (Tables S8 and S15). The relative

N ENGL) MED

incidence of these adverse events according to
vaccine group was not affected by age.

EFFICACY
After day 1 and through November 25, 2020, a
total of 269 Covid-19 cases were identified, with
an incidence of 79.8 cases per 1000 person-years
(95% confidence interval [CI], 70.5 to 89.9)
among participants in the placebo group with
no evidence of previous SARS-CoV-2 infection.
For the primary analysis, 196 cases of Covid-19
were diagnosed: 11 cases in the vaccine group
(3.3 per 1000 person-years; 95% CI, 1.7 to 6.0)
and 185 cases in the placebo group (56.5 per
1000 person-years; 95% CI, 48.7 to 65.3), indi-
cating 94.1% efficacy of the mRNA-1273 vaccine
(95% CI, 89.3 to 96.8%; P<0.001) for the preven-
tion of symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection as
compared with placebo (Fig. 34). Findings were
similar across key secondary analyses (Table
S16), including assessment starting 14 days after
dose 1 (225 cases with placebo, vs. 11 with
mRNA-1273, indicating a vaccine efficacy of
95.2% [95% CI, 91.2 to 97.4]), and assessment
including participants who were SARS-CoV-2
seropositive at baseline in the per-protocol anal-
ysis (187 cases with placebo, vs. 12 with mRNA-
1273; one volunteer assigned to receive mRNA-
1273 was inadvertently given placebo), indicating
a vaccine efficacy of 93.6% [95% CI, 88.6 to
96.5]). Between days 1 and 42, seven cases of
Covid-19 were identified in the mRNA-1273
group, as compared with 65 cases in the placebo
group (Fig. 3B).

A key secondary end point evaluated the effi-
cacy of mRNA-1273 at preventing severe Covid-
19. Thirty participants in the trial had severe
Covid-19; all 30 were in the placebo group (indi-
cating vaccine efficacy of 100% [95% CI, could
not be estimated to 1.0]), and one death among
these participants was attributed to Covid19
(Table S16). The vaccine efficacy to prevent
Covid-19 was consistent across subgroups strati-
fied by demographic and baseline characteristics
(Fig. 4): age groups (18 to <65 years of age and
>65 years), presence of risk for severe Covid-19,
sex, and race and ethnic group (non-Hispanie
White and communities of color). Among par-
ticipants who were positive for SARS-CoV-2, by
serologic or virologic testing, at baseline (337 in
the placebo group and 343 in the mRNA-1273

NEJM.ORG
10

The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

 

A Per-Protocol Analysis

 

     
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

! Vaccine Efficacy Incidence Rate
35 ! (95% CI) (95% CI)
: % per 1000 personyr
30 Placebo ! 56.5 (48.7-65.3)
mRNA-IZT3 | 941(89.3-968)  33(17-60)
E os ! Placebo
£ '
& ;
E 20 !
Ê '
ã :
gas !
E ;
5 :
E '
ê o |
05 :
y ; mRNA1273
uu A LL
00 T T us T T T T 1
º 10 20 60 70 80 90 100 o 120
Days since Randomization
No. at Risk
Placebo 14073 14073 14073 14072 13416 12992 12361 11147 9474 6563 397 N72 O
mRNA-1273 14,134 14,134 14134 14,133 13483 13073 12508 11315 9684 672] 404 1209 O
B Modified Intention-to-Treat Analysis
35 Vaccine Efficacy Incidence Rate
º (95% 1) (5%CI) Placebo
% per 1000 personyr
30 Placebo 79.8 (70.5-89.9)
- mRNA-1273  930(889-95.6) — 5.6(34-8.8)
É os
£
&
fo
ã
Ê
gas
3
E
5
Só 10
os mRNA273
00 LL LL
º 10 20 30 40 so 60 70 30 90 100 o 120
Days since Randomization
No. at Risk
Placebo 14,598 14,590 14567 14,515 13806 12352 12694 11450 9736 6729 4067 1200 O
mRNA-1273 14,550 14,543 14532 14,504 13825 13398 12791 11,573 991 687] 4179 1238 O
Placebo mRNA-1273
Covid-19 Onset (N=14,598) (N=14,550)
Randomization to 14 days after dose 1 u 5
14 Days after dose 1 to dose 2 35 2
Dose 2 to 14 days after dose 2 19 º
Starting 14 days after dose 2 204 2
Total (any time after randomization) 269 19
N ENGLJ MED NEJM.ORG

 
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF MRNÃ-1275 SARS-COV-2 VACCINE

 

Figure 3 (facing page). Vaccine Efficacy of mRNA-1273
to Prevent Covid-19.

Shown is the cumulative incidence of Covid-19 events
in the primary analysis based on adjudicated assess-
ment starting 14 days after the second vaccination in
the per-protocol population (Panel A) and after ran-
domization in the modified intention-to-treat popula-
tion (Panel B) (see the Supplementary Appendiy. The
dotted line in Panel A indicates day 42 (14 days after
vaccination 2), when the per-protocol follow-up began,
and arrows in both panels indicate days 1 and 29, when
injections were administered. Tick marks indicate cen-
sored data. Vaccine efficacy was defined as 1 minus the
hazard ratio (mRNA vs. placebo), and the 95% confi-
dence interval was estimated with the use of a stratified
Cox proportional hazards model, with Efron's method
oftie handling and with treatment group as a covariate,
with adjustment for stratification factor. Incidence was
defined as the number of events divided by number of
participants at risk and was adjusted by person-years.
Symptomatic Covid-19 case accrual for placebo and vac-
cine in the modified intention-to-treat population is dis-
played (does not include asymptomatic cases of SARS-
CoV-2 detected at the day 29 by nasopharyngeal swab).

 

 

 

group), one case of Covid-19 was diagnosed by
RT-PCR testing in a placebo recipient and no
cases were diagnosed in mRNA-1273 recipients
(Table S17). Among participants who were nega-
tive for SARS-CoV-2 at baseline (by RT-PCR or
antibody testing), in addition to symptomatie
Covid-19 cases 39 (0.3%) in the placebo group
and 15 (0.1%) in the mRNA-1273 group had
nasopharyngeal swabs that were positive for
SARS-CoV-2 by RT-PCR at the second dose visit
(surveillance swab) but had no evidence of
Covid-19 symptoms (Table S18).

DISCUSSION

The COVE trial provides evidence of short-term
efficacy of the mRNA-1273 vaccine in preventing
symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection in a diverse
adult trial population. Of note, the trial was
designed for an infection attack rate of 0.75%,
which would have necessitated a follow-up peri-
od of 6 months after the two vaccine doses to
accrue 151 cases in 30,000 participants. The
pandemic trajectory accelerated in many U.S.
regions in the late summer and fall of 2020, re-
sulting in rapid accrual of 196 cases after a
median follow-up of 2 months. Itis important to
note that all the severe Covid-19 cases were in

N ENGL) MED

the placebo group, which suggests that mRNA-
1273 is likely to have an effect on preventing
severe illness, which is the major cause of health
care utilization, complications, and death. The
finding of fewer occurrences of symptomatic
SARS-CoV-2 infection after a single dose of
mRNA-1273 is encouraging; however, the trial
was not designed to evaluate the efficacy of a
single dose, and additional evaluation is war-
ranted.

The magnitude of mRNA-1273 vaccine effi-
cacy at preventing symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 in-
fection is higher than the efficacy observed for
vaccines for respiratory viruses, such as the in-
activated influenza vaccine against symptomatic,
virologically confirmed disease in adults, for
which studies have shown a pooled efficacy of
59%. This high apparent efficacy of mRNA-
1273 is based on short-term data, and waning of
efficacy over time has been demonstrated with
other vaccines.”? Also, the efficacy of the vaccine
was tested in a setting of national recommenda-
tions for masking and social distancing, which
may have translated into lower levels of infec-
tious inoculum. The efficacy ofmRNA-1273 is in
line with that of the recently reported BNT162b2
mRNA vaccine.!º The COVE trial is ongoing, and
longitudinal follow-up will allow an assessment
of efficacy changes over time and under evolving
epidemiologic conditions.

Overall, the safety of the mRNA-1273 vaccine
regimen and platform is reassuring; no unex-
pected patterns of concern were identified. The
reactogenicity associated with immunization
with mRNA-1273 in this trial is similar to that
in the phase 1 data reported previously.”* Over-
all, the local reactions to vaccination were mild;
however, moderate-to-severe systemic side ef-
fects, such as fatigue, myalgia, arthralgia, and
headache, were noted in about 50% of partici-
pants in the mRNA-1273 group after the second
dose. These side effects were transient, starting
about 15 hours after vaccination and resolving in
most participants by day 2, without seguelae.
The degree of reactogenicity after one dose of
mRNA-1273 was less than that observed for the
recently approved recombinant adjuvanted zoster
vaccine and after the second mRNA-1273 dose
was similar to that of the zoster vaccine.”22
Delayed injection-site reactions, with an onset

NEJM.ORG

11
12

The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

 

 

Placebo mRNA-1273

Subgroup (N=14,073)  (N=14,134) Vaccine Efficacy (95% CI)
no. of events/total no.
Al patients 185/14,073 1/14,134 = 941 (89.3-968)
Age !
=I8 to <65 yr 156/10,521 7/10,551 =! 95.6(906-979)
=65yr 293552 ajas83 —— | B64(614-95.2)
Age, risk for severe Covid-19 :
18 to <6S yr, not at risk 121/8403 5/8396 =! 95.9 (900-98.3)
18 to <65 yr, atrisk 35/2118 22155 —! 944 (169-987)
=65yr 293552 ajas83 —— | 864 (614952)
Sex :
Male 87/7462 ap7366 —! 954 (874-983)
Female 98/6611 7/6768 — | 931(85.2-968)
Atrisk for severe Covid19 '
Yes 43/3167 4/3206 —— | 09(747-967)
No 142/10,906 7/10,928 =2/ 951 (89.6-97.7)
Race and ethnic group :
white 144/8916 10/9023 = 932(871-964)
Communities of color «1/5132 1/5088 — 975 (822-997)

o 25 so 75

00

 

Figure 4, Vaccine Efficacy of mRNA-1273 to Prevent Covid-19 in Subgroups.
The efficacy of the RNA-1273 vaccine in preventing Covid-19 in various subgroups in the per-protocol population
was based on adjudicated assessments starting 14 days after the second injection. Vaccine efficacy, defined as 1
minus the hazard ratio (mRNA-1273 vs. placebo), and 95% confidence intervals were estimated with the use of a
stratified Cox proportional hazards model, with Efron's method of tie handling and with the treatment group as a
covariate, adjusting for stratification factor if applicable. Race and ethnic group categories shown are White (non-
Hispanic) and communities of color (all others, including those whose race and ethnicity were both reported as un-
known, were not reported, or were both missing at screening). Data for communities of color were pooled owing to
limited numbers of participants in each racial or ethnic group, to ensure that the subpopulations would be large

enough for meaningful analyses.

 

 

 

 

8 days or more after injection, were uncommon.
The overall incidence of unsolicited adverse
events reported up to 28 days after vaccination
and of serious adverse events reported through-
out the entire trial was similar for mRNA-1273
and placebo. A risk of acute hypersensitivity is
sometimes observed with vaccines; however, no
such risk was evident in the COVE trial, although
the ability to detect rare events is limited, given
the trial sample size. The anecdotal finding of a
slight excess of Bells palsy in this trial and in
the BNT162b2 vaccine trial arouses concern that
it may be more than a chance event, and the
possibility bears close monitoring.!*

The mRNA-1273 vaccine did not show evi-
dence in the short term of enhanced respiratory
disease after infection, a concern that emerged
from animal models used in evaluating some
SARS and Middle East respiratory syndrome
(MERS) vaccine constructs.*2º A hallmark of
enhanced respiratory disease is a Th2-skewed

N ENGL) MED

immune response and eosinophilic pulmonary
infiltration on histopathological examination.
Of note, preclinical testing of mRNA-1273 and
other SARS-CoV-2 vaccines in advanced clinical
evaluation has shown a Th1-skewed vaccine re-
sponse and no pathologic lung infiltrates.!5262
Whether mRNA-1273 vaccination results in en-
hanced disease on exposure to the virus in the
long term is unknown.

Key limitations of the data are the short dura-
tion of safety and efficacy follow-up. The trial is
ongoing, and a follow-up duration of 2 years is
planned, with possible changes to the trial de-
sign to allow participant retention and ongoing
data collection. Another limitation is the lack of
an identified correlate of protection, a critical
tool for future bridging studies. As of the data
cutoff, 11 cases of Covid-19 had occurred in the
mRNA-1273 group, a finding that limits our
ability to detect a correlate of protection. As
cases accrue and immunity wanes, it may be-

NEJM.ORG
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF MRNÃ-1275 SARS-COV-2 VACCINE

come possible to determine such a correlate. In
addition, although our trial showed that mRNA-
1273 reduces the incidence of symptomatic
SARS-CoV-2 infection, the data were not suffi-
cient to assess asymptomatic infection, although
our results from a preliminary exploratory anal-
ysis suggest that some degree of prevention may
be afforded after the first dose. Evaluation of the
incidence of asymptomatic or subclinical infec-
tion and viral shedding after infection are under
way, to assess whether vaccination affects infec-
tiousness. The relatively smaller numbers of
cases that occurred in older adults and in par-
ticipants from ethnic or racial minorities and
the small number of previously infected persons
who received the vaccine limit efficacy evalua-
tions in these groups. Longer-term data from
the ongoing trial may allow a more careful
evaluation of the vaccine efficacy in these
groups. Pregnant women and children were ex-
cluded from this trial, and additional evaluation
of the vaccine in these groups is planned.

Within 1 year after the emergence of this
novel infection that caused a pandemic, a patho-
gen was determined, vaccine targets were identi-
fied, vaccine constructs were created, manufac-
turing to scale was developed, phase 1 through
phase 3 testing was conducted, and data have
been reported. This process demonstrates what
is possible in the context of motivated collabora-
tion among key sectors of society, including aca-
demia, government, industry, regulators, and the
larger community. Lessons learned from this
endeavor should allow us to better prepare for
the next pandemic pathogen.

Supported by the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Pre-
paredness and Response, Biomedical Advanced Research and
Development Authority (contract 75450120C00034) and by the
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID).
The NIAID provides grant funding to the HIV Vaccine Trials
Network (HVIN) Leadership and Operations Center (UMI
AI 68G14HVTN), the Statistics and Data Management Center
(UMI AI 68635), the HVIN Laboratory Center (UM1 AI 68618),
the HIV Prevention Trials Network Leadership and Operations
Center (UM1 AI 68619), the AIDS Clinical Trials Group Leader-
ship and Operations Center (UMI AI 68636), and the Infectious
Diseases Clinical Research Consortium leadership group 5 (UMI
ATI4B684-03).

Disclosure forms provided by the authors are available with
the full text of this article at NEJM.org.

A data sharing statement provided by the authors is available
with the full text of this article at NEJM.org.

We thank the participants in the trial and the members of the
mRNA-1273 trial team (listed in the Supplementary Appendix)
for their dedication and the contributions to the trial, and the
members of the data and safety monitoring board (Richard J.
Whitley [chair], University of Alabama School of Medicine; Abdel
Babiker, MRC Clinical Trials Unit at University College, London;
Lisa A. Cooper, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and
Bloomberg School ofPublic Health; Susan S. Ellenberg, University
of Pennsylvania; Alan Fix, Vaccine Development Global Program
Center for Vaccine Innovation and Access PATH; Marie Griffin,
Vanderbilt University Medical Center; Steven Joffe, Perelman
School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania; Jorge Kalil, Heart
Institute, Hospital das Clínicas da Faculdade de Medicina da Uni-
versidade de São Paulo; Myron M. Levine, University of Maryland
School of Medicine; Malegapuru W. Makgoba, University of Kwa-
Zulu-Natal; Anastasios A, Tsiatis, North Carolina State Universit)
Renee H. Moore, Emory University); and Sally Hunsberger [Execu-
tive Secretary], NIAID) for their hard work, support, and guidance
of the trial; and the adjudication committee (Richard J. Hamill
[chair], Baylor College of Medicine; Lewis Lipsitz, Harvard Medi-
cal School; Bric S. Rosenberg, Massachusetts General Hospital;
and Anthony Faugno, Tufts Medical Center) for their critical and
timely review of the trial data. We also acknowledge the contri-
bution from the mRNA-1273 Product Coordination Team from
the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority
(BARDA) (Robert Bruno, Richard Gorman, Holli Hamilton, Gary
Horwith, Chuong Huynh, Nutan Mytle, Corrina Pavetto, Xiaomi
Tong, and John Treanor), and Joanne E. Tomassini (BT Scien-
tific), for assistance in writing the manuscript for submission,
and Frank). Dutko, for editorial support (funded by Moderna).

 

APPENDIX

The authors” full names and academic degrees are as follows: Lindsey R. Baden, M.D., Hana M. El Sahly, M.D., Brandon Essink, M.D.,
Karen Kotloff, M.D., Sharon Frey, M.D., Rick Novak, M.D., David Diemert, M.D., Stephen A. Spector, M.D., Nadine Rouphael, M.D.,
C. Buddy Creech, M.D., John McGettigan, M.D., Shishir Khetan, M.D., Nathan Segall, M.D., Joel Solis, M.D., Adam Brosz, M.D., Car-
los Fierro, M.D., Howard Schwartz, M.D., Kathleen Neuzil, M.D., Larry Corey, M.D., Peter Gilbert, Ph.D., Holly Janes, Ph.D., Dean
Follmann, Ph.D., Mary Marovich, M.D., John Mascola, M.D., Laura Polakowski, M.D., Julie Ledgerwood, D.O., Barney $. Graham,
M.D., Hamilton Bennett, M.S., Rolando Pajon, Ph.D., Conor Knighty, M.P.H., Brett Leav, M.D., Weiping Deng, Ph.D., Honghong
Zhou, Ph.D., Shu Han, Ph.D., Melanie Ivarsson, Ph.D., Jacqueline Miller, M.D., and Tal Zaks, M.D.

The authors” affiliations are as follows: Brigham and Women's Hospital (L.R.B.), Boston, and Modena, Cambridge (HL.B., R.P., C.K.,
BL. W.D., H.Z., S.H., M.L, J. Miller, T.Z.) — both in Massachusetts; Baylor College of Medicine (H.M.E.S.) and Centex Studies (..)
— both in Houston; Meridian Clinical Research, Savannah (B.E. S.K., A.B.), and Emory University (N.R,) and Atlanta Clinical Research
Center (N.S.), Atlanta — all in Georgia; University of Maryland, College Park (K.K., K.-N.), and National Institute of Allergy and Infec-
tious Diseases, Bethesda (D.E., M.M., J. Mascola, L.P., J.L., B..G.) — both in Maryland; Saint Louis University School of Medicine, St.
Louis (.E.); University of Illinois, Chicago, Chicago (R.N.); George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences,
Washington, DC (D.D.); University of Califomia, San Diego, San Diego (S.4.S.); Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, Nashville
(C.B.C.); Quality of Life Medical and Research Center, Tucson, AZ 0. McGettigan); Johnson County Clin-Trials, Lenexa, KS (C.F.); Re-
search Centers of America, Hollywood, FL (H.S.); and Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle (L.C., P.G., HJ).

 

N ENGL) MED NEJM.ORG

13
14

The NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL of MEDICINE

REFERENCES

1. Jackson LA, Anderson EJ, Rouphael
NG, et al. An mRNA vaccine against
SARS-CoV-2 — preliminary report. N Engl
J Med 2020;383:1920-31.

2. KeechC, Albert G, Cho I, et al. Phase
1-2 trial of a SARS-CoV-2 recombinant
spike protein nanoparticle vaccine. N Engl
J Med 2020;383:2320-32.

3. Walsh EE, Frenck RW Jr, Falsey AR,
et al. Safety and immunogenicity of two
RNA-based Covid19 vaccine candidates.
N EnglJ Med 2020;383:2439-50.

4. Anderson E), Rouphael NG, Widge
AT, et al. Safety and immunogenicity of
SARS-CoV-2 mRNA-1273 vaccine in older
adults. N Engl J Med 2020;383:2427-38.

5. Folegatti PM, Ewer KJ, Aley PK, et al.
Safety and immunogenicity of the
ChadOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine against SARS-
CoV-2: a preliminary report ofa phase 1/2,
single-blind, randomised controlled trial.
Lancet 2020;396:467-78.

6. Ramasamy MN, Minassian AM, Ewer
KJ, et al. Safety and immunogenicity of
ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine administered
in a prime-boost regimen in young and
old adults (COVO02): a single-blind, ran-
domised, controlled, phase 2/3 trial. Lan-
cet 2021;396:1979-93.

7. Zhang Y, Zeng G, Pan H, etal. Safety,
tolerability, and immunogenicity of an in-
activated SAR$-CoV-2 vaccine in healthy
adults aged 18-59 years: a randomised,
double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 1/2
clinical trial. Lancet Infect Dis 2020 No-
vember 17 (Bpub ahead of print).

8. Zhu FC, Guan XH, Li YH, et al. Im-
munogenicity and safety ofa recombinant
adenovirus type-5-vectored COVIDA9 vac-
cine in healthy adults aged 18 years or
older: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-
controlled, phase 2 trial. Lancet 2020;396:
479-88.

9. Voysey M, Clemens SAC, Madhi SA, et
al. Safety and efficacy of the Chadox
nCoV-19 vaccine (AZD1222) against SARS-
CoV-2: an interim analysis of four ran-
domised controlled trials in Brazil, South
Africa, and the UK. Lancet 2020 Decem-
ber 8 (Bpub ahead of pring.

 

  

  

 

10. He Y, Li), Heck, Lustigman S, Jiang
S. Antigenic and immunogenic charac-
terization of recombinant baculovirus-
expressed severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus spike protein: implication for
vaccine design. ) Virol 2006;80:5757-67.
11. Bennet BM, Wolf), Laureano R, Sell-
ersRS. Review of current vaccine develop-
ment strategies to prevent coronavirus
disease 2019 (COVID-19). Toxicol Pathol
2020;48:800-9.

12. Lurie N, Saville M, HatchettR, Halton
J. Developing Covid-19 vaccines at pan-
demic speed. N Engl J Med 2020;382:
1969-73,

13. Thanh Le T, Andreadakis Z, Kumar A,
etal. The COVID-19 vaccine development
landscape. Nat Rev Drug Discov 202019:
305-6.

14. Corbett KS, Edwards D, Leist SR, etal.
SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine development
enabled by prototype pathogen prepared-
ness. June 11, 2020 (https:/fwwrw.biorxiv
«org/content[10.1101/2020.06.11.145920v1).
preprint.

15. Corbett KS, Flynn B, Foulds KE, et al.
Evaluation of the mRNA-1273 vaccine
against SARS-CoV-2 in nonhuman pri-
mates. N Engl ] Med 2020;383:1544-55.
16. Polack EP, Thomas SJ, Kitchin N, etal.
Safety and efficacy of the BNT162b2
Covid-19 vaccine. N Engl Med 2020;383:
2603-15.

17. Department of Health and Human
Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research
(CDER), Center for Biologics Evaluation
and Research (CBER). Enhancing the di-
versity of clinical trial populations — eli-
gibility criteria, enrollment practices, and
trial designs: guidance for industry. No-
vember 2020 (https:/iwww.fda.govmedia/
127712/download).

18. Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention. Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID
19). 2020 (https:/lwwve.cde.govfcoronavirusf
2019-ncovjneed-extra-precautions/people
-at-higher-risk.htm)).

19. Osterholm MT, Kelley NS, Sommer A,
Belongia EA. Efficacy and effectiveness of

N ENGLJ MED NEJM.ORG

influenza vaccines: à systematic review
and meta-analysis. Lancet Infect Dis 2012;
12:36-44.

20. Ferdinands JM, Shay DK. Magnitude
of potential biases in a simulated case-
control study of the effectiveness ofinflu-
enza vaccination. Clin Infect Dis 2012
25-32.

21. Cunningham AL, Lal H, Kovac M, etal.
Bfficacy of the herpes zoster subunit
vaccine in adults 70 years of age or older.
N Engl) Med 2016;375:1019-32.

22. Lal H, Cunningham AL, Heineman
TC. Adjuvanted herpes zoster subunit vac-
cine in older adults. N Engl J Med 201
373415767.

23. Agrawal AS, Tao X, Algaissi A, et al.
Immunization with inactivated Middle
East respiratory syndrome coronavirus
vaccine leads to lung immunopathology
on challenge with live virus. Hum Vaccin
Immunother 2016;12:2351-6.

24. Bolles M, Deming D, Long K, etal. A
double-inactivated severe acute respirato-
1y syndrome coronavirus vaccine provides
incomplete protection in mice and induc-
es increased cosinophilic proinflamma-
tory pulmonary response upon challenge.
J Virol 2011;85:12201-15.

25. Tseng CT, Sbrana E, Ivataoshikawa
N, et al. Immunization with SARS coro-
navirus vaccines leads to pulmonary im-
munopathology on challenge with the
SARS virus. PLOS One 2012/7(4):e35421.
26. GuebreXabier M, Patel N, Tian JH,
etal. NVX-CoV2373 vaccine protects cyno-
molgus macaque upper and lower airways
against SARS-CoV-2 challenge. Vaccine
2020;38:7892-6.

27. van Doremalen N, Lambe T, Spencer
A, et al. ChadOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine pre-
vents SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia in rhesus
macaques. Nature 2020;586:578-82.

28. Vogel AE, Kanevsky 1, Che Y, etal. A pre-
fusion SARS-COV-2 spike RNA vaccine is
highly immunogenic and prevents lung in-
fection in non-human primates. September
8, 2020 (httpsjjwww.biorxiv.org/content/10
-1101/2020.09.08.280818v1). preprint.
Copyright (9 2020 Massachusetts Medical Sociery.

 

 

 

 
Correspondence

 

SOS Brazil: science under
attack

As ofJan 21, 2021, Brazil ranks second
in number of deaths from COVID-19
and third in number of cases seen in
any single country. As a scientist, |
tend not to believe in coincidence. In
March, 2020, President Jair Bolsonaro
referred to COVID-19 as a “gripezinha'
a little flu. In April, 2020, he declared
there were signs the pandemic was
coming to an end. A month later,
when asked by journalists about the
increasing numbers of COVID-19
cases, Bolsonaro responded "So
what? What do you want me to do?"
In response, the Editors? suggested
that “perhaps the biggest threat
to Brazil's COVID-19 response is
its president, Jair Bolsonaro”. More
recently, Bolsonaro was, to the best of
my knowledge, the only head of state
worldwide to say he would not get
vaccinated. He even discouraged the
population from taking the vaccine by
saying: "Ifyou tum into a crocodile, it's
your problem”.*

Although these statements are
outrageous, Brazil's response to the
pandemic is much worse. Testing
rates are far below the world aver-
age: No national policy on contact
tracing has been implemented. Social
distancing has been discredited. In
4 weeks, Brazil had three ministers of
health. Despite Brazilian scientists
and research institutes, such as
Butantan and Fiocruz, being heavily
involved in the global vaccine run,
supplies of syringes and needles were
insufficient to start the immunisation
campaign.*

Since the beginning of Bolsonaro's
presidency in 2019, science has
been attacked with budget cuts
and negationism. Ricardo Galvão,
director of the National Spatial
Research Institute, was fired after
presenting and commenting on data
on deforestation. Former ministers
of health, Luiz Henrique Mandetta
and Nelson Teich, publicly disagreed
with Bolsonaro by defending scientific

wwwthelancet.com Published online January 22, 2021 httj

recommendations to fight COVID-19. |
never thought | would be next.

l am the principal investigator
of EPICOVID-19, the largest epi-
demiological study of COVID-19 in
Brazil. In its first three rounds of this
countrywide study, we found marked
regional, ethnic, and socioeconomic
disparities in the COVID-19 pandemic
in Brazil, as well as a six-fold differ-
ence between official statistics and
estimates on the real number of
infected people.” These findings were
not well received by the ministry of
health, and funding for the study
was discontinved in July, 2020.
Fortunately, EPICOVID-19 has received
funding from other institutions and
continued to provide information on
the burden of COVID-19 in Brazil.

In 2020, | was summoned to
Brasília on three separate occasions
for meetings with the ministry of
health. Four days after my last visitto
Brasília, in December, 2020, | started
presenting with COVID-19 symptoms.
My severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection
was revealed to the public by the
media, and was accused of hypocrisy
and a “do as | say, not as | do” attitude.”
On Jan 11, 2021, in a radio interview, |
was criticised by a congressman and
by ajournalist: the reason being that if
I had been infected with SARS-CoV-2,
it meant | did not follow the very
advice | disseminate. On Jan 14, 2021,
Bolsonaro tweetedº the link to the
specific segment ofthe radio interview
in which my infection was mentioned.

Coincidentally or not, Bolsonaro's
attack occurred exactly when the
pandemic reached unprecedented
numbers in Brazil. Manaus, in the
Amazon region, is experiencing
chaos as oxygen supplies are being
depleted. The minister of health flew
to Manaus and, after a 3-day visit,
announced the city would be supplied
with chloroquine, ivermectin, and
other drugs to fight the situation.
At the same time, politicians,
businessmen, and other supporters
of Bolsonaro were fighting against

 

rg/10.1016/50140-6736(21)00141-0

an announced (and urgently needed)
lockdown in Manaus. Unbelievably,
on Jan 16, 2021, a publication from
the ministry of health was flagged by
Twitter as violating its publication
rules for disseminating misleading
and potentially harmful information
related to COVID-19.

Brazil'stragic COVID-19 policy comes
with a price. With 211 million people,
the Brazilian population represents
2-7% of the world's population. If Brazil
accounted for 2:7% of global COVID-19
deaths (ie, performing as the global
average in fighting the pandemic),
56 311 people would have died. How-
ever, by Jan 21, 2021, 212 893 people
have died from COVID-19. In other
words, 156 582 lives were lost in the
country because of underperformance.
Attacking scientists will definitely not
help solve the problem.

| declare no competing interests. A Portuguese
version of this Correspondence is in the appendix.

Pedro C Hallal
prehallalogmail.com

Universidade Federal de Pelotas,
Pelotas 96083-466, Brazil

1 BBC 2 momentos em que Bolsonaro chamou
covid-19 de 'gripezinhal o que agora nega.
Nov 27, 2020. https:/fwww.bbe com/
portuguese/brasil-55107536 (accessed
Jan 18, 2021)

2 GarciaG HenriqueGomes P. Viana HE daí?
Lamento. Quer que eu façao quê” diz
Bolsonaro sobre mortes por coronavírus; 'Sou
Messias, mas não faço milagre” April 28, 2020.
https//gL globo. comppolitica/noticia/2020/04/
28/e-dai-lamento-quer-que-eu-faca-o-que-diz-
bolsonaro-sobre-mortes:por-coronavirus-no-
brasil ghtml (accessed Jan 18, 2021)

3 Thelancet. COVID-19 in Brazil: so what?
Lancet 2020; 395: 1461.

4 AFP. Brazil Bolsonaro warns virus vaccine can
turn people into crocodiles! Dec 18, 2020.
https:/Jurunarfrancez4 comjenjlive-
news/20201218-brazi-s-bolsonaro-warns-
virus-vaccine-can-tum-people-into-crocodile
(accessed Jan 18, 2021)

5 Hasel) Mathieu E, Beltekian Detal. Across-
country database of COVID-19 testing. SciData
2020;7:345.

6 Jomal Nacional. Brasil pode não ter agulhas e
seringas suficientes para vacinar contra Covid,
alerta conselho. Dec 30, 2020. https://g.globo.
comyjornal-nacional/noticia/2020/12/30/
brasil-pode-nao-ter-agulhas-e-seringas-
suficientes-para-vacinar-contra-covid-alerta-
conselho. ghtml (accessed Jan 18, 2021),

7 HallalPC,Hartwig FP. Horta BL etal
SARS-CoV-2 antibody prevalence in Brazil
results fomtwo successive natiomwide.
serological household surveys. Lancet Glob
Henlth 2020; 8:€1390-98

 

Published Online
Januany22, 2021

https//doiorg/10:1016/
S0a40-6736(21)00141-0

See Online for appendix

Submissions should be
made via our electronic
submissionsystem at
http:jfees elseviercom/
thelancet/
Correspondence

 

8 — Vasconcellos H. Deputado critica ex-teitor que
contraiu covid-1
Jan 14, 2021. https:/jnoticias.uol com.br)
politica/ultimas-noticias/2021/01/14/
deputado-<ritica-ex-reitor-que-contraiu-
covid-19-moral-de-cuecas. htm (accessed
Jan 18, 2021).

9 Gjairbolsonaro Jan 14, 2021. https;ftwitter.
com/jairbolsonaro)status/1349659482251
526152. (accessed Jan 18, 2021)

 

wwwthelancet.com Published online January 22, 2021 https://doi org/10.1016/50140-6736(21)00141-0.
Articles

 

SARS-CoV-2 antibody prevalence in Brazil: results ftom
two successive nationwide serological household surveys

Pedro C Hallal, Fernando P Hartwig, Bernardo L Horta, Mariângela F Silveira, Claudio J Struchiner, Luís P Vidaletti, Nelson A Neumann,
Lucia C Pellanda, Odir A Dellagostin, Marcelo N Burattini, Gabriel D Victora, Ana M B Menezes, Fernando C Barros, Aluísio) D Barros, Cesar G Victora

Summary

Background Population-based data on COVID-19 are essential for guiding policies. There are few such studies,
particularly from low or middle-income countries. Brazil is currently a hotspot for COVID-19 globally. We aimed to
investigate severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) antibody prevalence by city and according
to sex, age, ethnicity group, and socioeconomic status, and compare seroprevalence estimates with official statistics
on deaths and cases.

Methods In this repeated cross-sectional study, we did two seroprevalence surveys in 133 sentinel cities in all Brazilian
states. We randomly selected households and randomly selected one individual from all household members. We
excluded children younger than 1 year. Presence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 was assessed using a lateral flow
pointofcare test, the WONDFO SARS-CoV-2 Antibody Test (Wondfo Biotech, Guangzhou, China), using two drops
of blood from finger prick samples. This lateral-flow assay detecis IgG and IgM isotypes that are specific to the SARS-
CoV-2 receptor binding domain of the spike protein. Participants also answered short questionnaires on
sociodemographic information (sex, age, education, ethnicity, household size, and household assets) and compliance
with physical distancing measures.

Findings We included 25 025 participants in the first survey (May 14-21) and 31165 in the second (June 4-7). For the
83 (62%) cities with sample sizes of more than 200 participants in both surveys, the pooled seroprevalence increased
from 1.9% (95% CI 1:7-2.1) to 3-1% (2-8-3-4). City-level prevalence ranged from 0% to 25-4% in both surveys.
11 (69%) of 16 cities with prevalence above 20% in the first survey were located in a stretch along a 2000 km of the
Amazon river in the northern region. In the second survey, we found 34 cities with prevalence above 2.0%, which
included the same 11 Amazon cities plus 14 from the northeast region, where prevalence was increasing rapidly.
Prevalence levels were lower in the south and centre-west, and intermediate in the southeast, where the highest level
was found in Rio de Janeiro (7.5% [4-2-12-2]). In the second survey, prevalence was similar in men and women, but
an increased prevalence was observed in participants aged 20-59 years and those living in crowded conditions
(4:49 [3-5-5 -6] for those living with houscholds with six or more people). Prevalence among Indigenous people was
6-4% (4:1-9.4) compared with 1-4% (1:2-1.7) among White people. Prevalence in the poorest socioeconomic
quintile was 3-7% (3-2-4-3) compared with 17% (1-4-2.2) in the wealthiest quintile.

Interpretation Antibody prevalence was highly heterogeneous by country region, with rapid initial escalation in
Brazi?s north and northeast. Prevalence is strongly associated with Indigenous ancestry and low socioeconomic
status. These population subgroups are unlikely to be protected if the policy response to the pandemic by the national
government continues to downplay scientific evidence.

Funding Brazilian Ministry of Health, Instituto Serrapilheira, Brazilian Collective Health Association, and the JBS
Fazer o Bem Faz Bem.

Copyright O 2020 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an Open Access article under the CC BY 4.0 license.

Introduction The government response to the pandemic has been

Although the need for populationbased data on
COVID-19, caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), is widely recognised,* few
nationwide surveys are available.”* The first COVID-19
case in Brazil was reported on Feb 26, 2020, in the city
of São Paulo, and as of Sept 4, approximately 125000
deaths have been reported? Three population-based
antibody surveys done in the south and southeast
regions of Brazil showed prevalence ranging from
005% to 2.19%.»

marked by controversy, with the country's president,
Jair Bolsonaro, opposing physical distancing measures
and downplaying the importance of COVID-19.” How-
ever, physical distancing policies vary widely across
the country and the implementation of such policies
depends primarily on city and state governments.”
Testing is limited to patients with severe illnesses and
evidence suggests that COVID-19 deaths are under
counted.º Thus, periodic, population-based data on the
pandemic are urgently needed.

wwrwthelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi.org/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9

RA
Eg

Lancet Glob Health 2020

Published Online
September 23, 2020
httpsyfdoiorg/10:1016/
52214-109X(20)30387-9
Postgraduate Programmein
Epidemiology (P C HallalPhD,
Prof AJ D Barros PhD, B LHorta
MD, M FSilveira MD,
LPVidaletti MS, EP Hartwig
PhD, Prof AM B Menezes MD,
Prof FC Barros MD,

Prof CGVictora MD),
Postgraduate Programmein
Biotechnology

(Prof O A Dellagostin PhD),
Universidade Federalde
Pelotas, Pelotas, Brazil;
Universidade Católica de
Pelotas, Pelotas, Brazil

(Prof FC Barros); Fundação
Getólio Vargas, Rio de Janeiro,
Brazil (Prof C) Struchiner MD);
Pastorate oftheChild, Curitiba,
Brazil (NA Neumann PhD);
Fundação Universidade Federal
deCiências de Saúde de Porto
Alegre, Brazil (Prof LC Pellanda
MD); Universidade Federalde
São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil
(MN Burattini MD);
Universidade de São Paulo, São
Paulo, Brazil (MN Burattini);
and Laboratory of Lymphocyte
Dynamics, Rockefeller
University, New York, NY, USA
(6 DVictora PhD)
Correspondenceto:

Prof Cesar GVictora,
Universidade Federal de Pelotas,
Pelotas 96020-220, Brazil
cvictoragmail com
Articles

 

Researchin context

Evidence beforethis study
Brazil has become a global hotspot for the COVID-19
pandemicin terms of reported cases and deaths. We searched
PubMed, Web of Science and Scielo for papers in any language,
published from Jan 1, 2019 onwards. We used the search
terms: ("severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2"[AIl
Fields] OR “severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus,
2º[AII Fields] OR “ncov"[AII Fields] OR “2019-nCoV'[AI Fields]
OR“COVID-19"[AI Fields] OR “SARS-CoV-2"[AII Fields] AND
(Brasil OR Brazil)). Globally, few nationwide population-based
studies on the prevalence of antibodies against severe acute
respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) are
available, and none from low-income or middle-income
countries. Existing studies in Brazil have focused on the more
developed parts of the country, represented by the southern
and southeastem regions.

Added value of this study

We did two household surveys in the most populous cities in
all 133 mesoregions of Brazil, covering 26 states and the
Federal District. We included more than 25 000 participants in
the period May 14-21 and over 32000 in June 4-7. We
documented an increase in prevalence during this time

We aimed to investigate antibody prevalence by city
and according to sex, age, ethnicity group, and socio-
economic status, and compare seroprevalence estimates
with official statistics on deaths and cases.

Methods

Study design and sampling

We did nationwide seroprevalence surveys on May 14-21,
and June 4-7, 2020, in 133 sentinel cities from the
26 Brazilian states and the Federal District (figure 1).
Brazil's 27 federation units are divided by the Brazilian
Institute of Geography and Statistics into 133 intermediary
regions. The most populous city in each region was
selected.

We selected 25 urban census tracts with probability
proportionate to size in each sentinel city, and ten
households at random in each tract, using maps and
household listings made available by the Brazilian
Institute of Geography and Statistics. One individual was
randomly selected from a listing of all household
members. Children younger than 1 year were excluded
because parents or guardians were not likely to have
consented to the collection of blood. If the selected
individual did not provide a sample, another household
member was randomly selected. If this person also
refused, the interviewers moved on to the next household
on the right, which was also selected in the case of absent
residents.

Interviewers were tested on the day before fieldwork
using the antibody test and only participated in the study

interval, with strong concentration in 11 cities along the
Amazon River, where prevalence was as high as 25% in both
surveys. Inthe second survey, rapid increases in prevalence
were also observed in the northeast. High-prevalence areas
are poorer and less well-served by health and other services
than areas in the rest of the country are. Prevalence among
Indígena (Indigenous) individuals was over four times higher
than among Branco (White) people, and prevalence in the
poorest socioeconomic quintile was over twice as high as in
the richest quintile.

Implications of all the available evidence

The poorest areas of Brazil, particularly the Amazon River basin,
were the firstto present high prevalence of antibodies against
SARS-CoV-2, by contrast with the initially low prevalence
observed in the southem and centre-westem regions. Our
geographical-level and individual-level analyses showed
remarkable inequality in the prevalence of infection, with
poverty and Indígeno ethnicity driving the progression of the
pandemicin the country. The controversial handling ofthe
epidemic by the federal government is likelyto have
contributedto the rapid spread of COVID-19 in the country's
most susceptible populations.

if the result was negative, and were provided with
personal protective equipment (aprons, gloves, surgical
face masks, and shoe and hair covers) that were discarded
as hospital waste after each interview. Ethics approval was
obtained from the Brazilian's National Ethics Committee
(CAAE 30721520.71001.5313), with written informed
consent from all participants or by parents for minors.
Positive cases were reported to the municipal COVID9
surveillance systems; participants agreed to the disclosure
in the consent form.

Procedures

Prevalence of antibodies was assessed with a rapid
point-of-care test, the WONDFO SARS-CoV-2 Antibody
Test (Wondfo Biotech, Guangzhou, China), using
two drops of blood from finger prick samples. This
lateral-flow assay detects IgG and IgM isotypes that are
specific to the SARS-CoV.2 receptor binding domain of
the spike protein. By pooling the results from four
validation studies, weighted by sample sizes, sensitivity
was estimated at 84-8% (95% CI 81:4-87.8%) and
specificity at 99-0% (97-8-99-7).º Specificity estimates
were obtained with frozen sera and might have been
underestimated.“ In early April 2020, we did a house-
hold probability survey in nine cities in the state of Rio
Grande do Sul,” when the pandemic was at an early
stage in the state. Of 4188 participants we found only
two (<1%) positive results. Assuming that all cases in
that survey were false positives leads to a specificity of
99-95%. We therefore used as correction parameters

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi.org/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9
Articles

 

 

in the main analyses a sensitivity of 84:8% and
the 99-95% specificity derived from our previous
population-based survey.” Analyses using the same
sensitivity level and a specificity of 99 0% are presented
in the appendix (pp 1, 2).

Data collection

A smartphone app for data collection was used for listing
household members, selecting one at random, recording
answers to the questionnaire, photographing test results,
and obtaining the geographic coordinates of each home.
For quality control purposes, each interview was also
voice recorded, and 10% of all recordings were listened to
by a supervisor.

Participants answered short questionnaires on socio-
demographic information (sex, age, education, ethnicity,
household size, and household assets) and compliance
with physical distancing measures. Fieldworkers used
tablet computers to voice record the full interviews,
register answers, and photograph the test results.

The official Brazilian classification of ethnicity
recognises five groups: Branco (White), Pardo (Brown),
Preto (Black), Amarelo (East Asian), and Indígena
(Indigenous).

Interviewers were instructed to select Indígena when
any of the multiple first nations were given as ethnicity.
Pardo reflects mixed ancestry including European,
African, and Indígena backgrounds. This system is
endorsed by the Afro-descendants movement.“

Al positive or inconclusive tests were read by a second
observer, as well as 20% of the negative tests. If a
participant in a household had a positive result, all other
household members were invited to be tested. Results
from household members were not included in the
analyses, except for results on family clustering.

Data analysis
We compared seroprevalence results with official numbers
and rates of reported cases and deaths in 133 cities” We
multiplied the corrected antibody prevalence in each city by
the city's population to obtain an estimate of the number of
people infected, and used this number to calculate under-
reporting of cases and infection-fatality rates.

With 250 individuals per city, the margin of error
(1.96 standard errors) for estimating prevalence at the
city level is 1.92 percentage points at 2% prevalence,
2:93 at 5%, and 4:12 at 10%. At the national level the
margin of error is 0.15 percentage points at 2% preva-
lence, 024 at 5%, and 0-33 for a design effect of 1.18
derived from the study results.

Socioeconomic position was assessed using a wealth
index derived through principal component analyses of
household assets (appendix p 3). Data analyses took into
account the sampling design of the survey and corrected
for the test validity (appendix pp 4-6).

Hypothesis testing was done using Cochran's Q
heterogeneity test implemented as a fixed effects

wwwthelancet.comylancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi

 

 

       
   

 

 

 

Boa Vista N
n
=
Roranópols — corarém
=
Breves
n Manaus Patins apóia — Imperi Sac eo
) -ortaleza
Tefé BM presidenteduifa 9 Naliceioá
Marabá, E 9 se
a a a * oº%o Gia
Cruzeiro do Sul Rocio
“A Porto Velho A
Rio Branco o o rapiraca
.
9
o
.
º
o
Prevalence of antibodies
º againstSARS-Cov-2
E =100%
05099%
A 20-49%
9 <20%

 

 

 

Figure 1: Location of the 133 sentinel cities in Brazil
Figures shows citieswith prevalence of 5% or higher for antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in the second survey.
SARS-CoV-2=severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2

meta-regression. Logistic regression was used to adjust
for confounding variables in the analyses by ethnic
groups. AIl analyses were done using R (version 3.6.1).
The “survey” package”* was used to account for the
sampling design. Meta-regression was implemented
using the “metafor” package.”

See Online for appendix

Forthe MinistryofHealth's
official figuressee https:/fcovid.

Role of the funding source
saude govbr/

The funder of the study had no role in study design, data
collection, data analysis, data interpretation, or writing of
the report. The corresponding author had full access to
all the data in the study and had final responsibility for
the decision to submit for publication.

Results

We interviewed 25025 individuals in the first survey in
132 cities. During the first survey, we could not do any
interviews in Picos, in the northeast region, which was
under lockdown. 250 individuals were tested in 46 cities,
200-249 in 44 cities, 100-199 in 14 cities, and 1-99 in 28.
The sample fell short of the planned number because of
lockdown measures imposed in several cities with
restrictions to mobility for the interviewers, and because
of poor coordination between the Ministry of Health and
the city and state governments. These difficulties were
compounded by the rapid spread of disinformation

 

rg/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9
Articles

 

 

O North O Northeast O Southeast

1003,

South O Centrewest

  
  
   

Breves O

Surveytwo prevalence (%)

º o
Parintins, Castenhal

 
  

>>> am

o 5 1 5 20 25“100
Survey one prevalence (35)

 

Figure 2: Comparison on antibody prevalence by survey
Figures shows 83 cities with at least 200 participants in both surveys. The solid line indicates the diagonal (equal
prevalence in both surveys) and the dashed line shows the linear regression slope.

 

so.

  
  

Reported deaths (per 100000)
s
.
.

 

T TA
as 20"“100

 

Antibody prevalence (96)

 

Figure 3: Sater diagram for survey-based seroprevalence versus reported cases and deaths per population

through social media characterising the interviewers as
swindlers, or of even being part of a plot to spread the
virus. Interviewers were arrested in 27 cities and in eight
cities tests were destroyed by local police forces.

In the second survey we overcame some of these
problems because of repeated contact with the city health
and police authorities and local media before data
collection. The research team was not allowed to enter one
city that was under lockdown. 31165 individuals were
tested in 132 cities. 250 individuals were tested in 98 cities,
200-249 in 22 cities, 100-199 in 11 cities, and 1-99 in one
city. Overall, 31165 (93-79) of the planned 33250 tests
were carried out.

In the first survey, residents from 10655 (23%)
houscholds refused to participate, and in 10331 (22%)
households reisdents were not present at the time of
visit, resulting in 25025 (54%) interviews from

46011 houscholds contacted (appendix p 7). In the second
survey, 12432 (21%) of the contacted households did not
participate and in 15621 (269%) households residents were
not present at the time of the visit, resulting in 31165 (53%)
interviews from 59218 houscholds contacted (appendix p
7. Combining both surveys, response rates were 669% in
the north, 57% in the northeast, 45% in the southeast, 47%
in the south, and 61% in the centrewest region. A
comparison of socioeconomic indicators of included cities
with those of cities that were not included in the study and
the national average is available in the (appendix p 8).
Compared with the overall Brazilian population, our
sample included more individuals from the north, and
fewer from the southeast. Men and children and adolescents
(aged 1-19 years) were under-represented, as were those
older than 50 years. The distribution in terms of ethnicity
showed fewer individuals who reported being Branco, and
larger percentages of Pretos, Pardos, and Indígenas
(appendixp 9).

We found 347 (1.39%) positive results in 24995 indi-
viduals with valid test results in the first survey, and
746 (2.40%) in 31128 in the second survey. The corrected
prevalence estimates were 16% (95% CI 1.4-1.8) in the
first survey and 28% (2.5-3-1) in the second.

The number of tests done in each round, by city, with
prevalence results are shown in the appendix (pp 10-15).
Among the 90 cities with more than 200 tests in the
first survey, 16 (18%) cities had a prevalence above 2-0%,
of which 11 were in the north, three in the northeast,
and two in the southeast region (appendix pp 10-15). The
six cities with the highest prevalence were all located along
a 2000 km stretch of the Amazon river (appendix p 16).

In the appendix (pp 17-22) we also present estimates
for all cities corrected for 99-0% specificity as in
validation studies using frozen sera” The largest
difference in city prevalence levels using the two methods
was 1-1 percentage point.

In the first survey, 54 (609%) of 90 cities with at least
200 participants had no positive tests, and 13 (14%) had
only one positive test. All nine cities had zero cases in the
centre-west region, 16 (80%) of 20 in the south, 11 (559%) of
20 in the southeast, 12 (55%) of 22 in the northeast, and
only six (329) of 19 in the north. In the second survey, 49
(419%) of 120 cities with 200 or more tests had zero cases,
and 18 (15%) had only one positive result. 34 (28%) cities
had a prevalence of 2% or higher, of which 11 were in the
north, 14 in the northeast and, three in the southeast (Rio
de Janeiro with 7.5%, Vitória with 3-2%, and São Paulo
with 2.39%). Prevalence in the second survey is shown in
figure 1.

Among cities with 200 or more tests in both surveys,
pooled prevalence increased from 1:9% (95% CI
1.7-2.1%) to 3-1% (2:8-3.4%) over time. The largest
increase was observed in Boa Vista, from 4.7% (2-2-9.5)
in the first survey to 25-4% (19-5-32.2) in the second
(figure 2). Few cities showed reductions over time—
most notably, Breves, with reduction from 25.4%

4 wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi.org/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9
Articles

 

 

 

 

 

Firstsurvey Second survey pyalues for comparisons
overtime
Positive tests Adjusted for Adjusted for Positivetests — Adjusted for Adjusted for Unadjusted — Adjusted
sampling design sampling design sampling design sampling design
(estimate and test validity (estimate [95% CI) and test validity
[95% ci) (estimate (estimate
[95% ci) [95% ci)
Region p<0:0001 p<00001 p<0:0001 p<0:0001
Northeast 46/6552 07%(05-10) — 08%(05-14) 2/9801 — 28%(2432)  32%(2837) — p<0001  p<o001
North 272/5064 54%(47-61) — 63%(5472) 49/5449 77%(6985) — 90%(80-101)  p<0001  p<0.001
Centreanest opa 0% (00-04) 0% B/s6s 040206)  04%(0207) + E
Southeast 22/5833 04%(02-06) — 0:4%(0:2-07) 45/7778 0.6% (0.4-0:8) 0.6% (0.4-0.9) p=0099 p=0477
South 7/5069 01%(00-04) — 04%(00-06) 3/4569 01%(00-02)  0%(00-03) p-0281 p=0:476
Sex p=016 p=027 p=-0:095 p=016
Female 189/1464 13%(1115)  15%(12-18) 46118155 25%(2328) 29%(2633) — p<000  p<0001
Male 15810531 15%(1318) — 17%(L420) 292/3007 22%(2025) — 26%(2330) — p<0001  p<o001
Age years p=022 p=042 p=0:0015 p=0.0056
04 61432 14%(05-30) — 16%(0635) 11/573 19%(1034) — 22%(1140)  p-0520  p=0563
59 ejósr 12%(05-25) — 13%(05-29) 16/983 16%(09-26) — 19%(1034) — p=0448 — p-0522
1049 31/2287. 14%(0919) — 15%(10-22) 22856 | 18(1424) 21%(1528) — p=0190  p=0225
20-29 ssp866 14%(11-19)  16%(12-22) 18/4761 25%(2030)  29%(2335) — p<0001 — p-0002
30-39 58/2834 15%(1219) — 17%(1323) 124668 26%(2231) — 30%(2536) — p<0001  p=0001
40-49 3972 16(1220) 18% (1.4-2:4) 155/4885 32%(2737) 37%(3144) — p<0001  p<0001
so-s9 67/4016 17%(13-21)  19%(14-25) 13/5019  26%(2231) — 31%(2537) — p-0002 — p-0005
60-69 33/3382 10%(0714) — 11%(07-16) 79/4264 19%(1523)  21%(1727) — p=0002 — p=0005
7079 221797 12%(08-18) — 14%(08-24) ag62 22%(1629) — 25%(1834) — p=0025 — p=0040
=80 ams 05% (01-14%) 06% (01-16) ag/891 20%(12-32)  23%(L437) — p-0018 — p=0045
Ethnicity p<0.0001 p<00001 p<0.0001 p<0.0001
Amarelo (East Asian) ej6gs 124(05-24)  13%(05-28) 15/827 18%(1029)  21%(1135)  p-0311  p-0392
Branco (White) 61/9493 06% (05-08) — 07%(05-10) Bêmon  a13%(1115) 14%(1217) — p<0001  p<oco1
Indígena (Indigenous) 12/3227 37%(1964)  42%(2:272) 241440 55%(3:6-7:9) 63% (42-92) p=0251 p=0298
Pardo (Brown) 229111042 21W(1824)  24H(20-28) 4444282  31%(2834) — 36%(3240)  p<0001  p<o001
Preto (Black) 32/2961 11%(07-15) — 12%(08-18) 1143923 — 29%(2435)  34%(2741) — p<000 — p<0001
Household size p<0:0001 p<00001 p=0:0003 p=0:0023
1 6215074 12% (09-16) 14%(10-18) 150/5888 25%(2130)  30%(2535) — p<0001  p<o001
2 79/7012 11%(0914) — 13%(10-16) 192/9148 21%(1824) — 24%(2028) — p<0001 — p<0001
3 54/5429 10%(0713) — 11%(0815) 153/6807 22%(1926) — 26%(2231) — p<0001  p<0001
45 102/5835 17%(1424) — 20%(16-25) 189/7483 25%(2229)  29%(2534) — p-0002 — p=0006
=6 50/1645 30H(21-42 35%(2549) 691836 38%(30-47) — 44%(3456) | p-0245 — p=0317
Wealth quintiles p=0.0052 p=0012 p<0.0001 p<0.0001
Poorest 101/5590 18%(1522)  21%(1626) 237769 32%(2837) 3743243)  p<0001  p<o001
2nd 731428 15%(1220)  18%(13-23) 168/74 29%(2534 34%(29-40)  p<0001  p<0001
3d 63/4798 13%(10-17)  15%(1120) 127/5950 21%(18-26)  25%(2030) — p=000  p=0005
ah 64/4852 13%(10-17)  15%(1119) 127/5927 21%(18-26)  25%(2030)  p=0001  p=0004
Richest 46/5018 09%(07-12)  10%(07-14) 94/6142 15%(1219) — 18%(1422) — p=0004  p=0009
Total
Cities with=200 participantsin 333/20084 17%(1519) — 19%(1722) 551420414 27%(2530)  31%(2834) — p<0001  p<0001
bothsurveys
Allcities in each phase 347124995 14%(1216) — 16%(1418) 75331162 24%(2226) — 28%(2531) — p<0001  p<0001
Missing values represented 2:1% of the responseson ethnicity, and les than 0% for the remaining variables. *p values for trends over time could ot be calcuated because prevalence was equal to Oin the first survey
Table: Seroprevalence according to sociodemographic characteristics

 

 

(17-5-33.7%) to 12-2% (6-6 to 20-2%). Pearson's — When a participant tested positive, other house-
correlation coefficient between the two consecutive hold members were also tested. 21-6% of positive
prevalence estimates was 0728 (p<0-0001). participants had at least one other positive household

 

wrww.thelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi

 

rg/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9 5
Articles

 

member in the first survey, and 33-0% in the second
survey.

Figure 3 shows prevalence estimates by pooling the
two rounds of data in each city and plotting these values
against the reported mortality rates.” We used the mean
number of deaths on May 13, and June 3, before the
two rounds of testing. We found a correlation between
prevalence estimated by the survey and the number
of reported deaths per population, with a correlation
coefficient of 0-826 (p<0-0001). The infection-fatality
rate was estimated at 0.71%. Our results by region of
the country were also consistent with officially reported
deaths (appendix p 23).

We calculated the ratio of estimated infections to
reported cases in 83 cities with 200 or more tests in
both surveys. Taken together, these cities reported
172420 cases by May 23, compared with our estimate of
1778401 infected individuals. The ratio of estimated
infections to reported cases was equal to 10-3.

The table shows a brealkdown of prevalence findings,
resulting from analyses based on all individuals tested.
In the north region, prevalence was 6-3% (95% CI
5:4-7.2) in the first survey and 9-0% (8-0-10-1) in the
second (p=0-0001). An increase from 08% (0-5-1-1) to
3-2% (2:8-3.7) prevalence was also observed in the
northeast (p<0-0001), but in the other three regions
change over time was not significant.

Prevalence was similar among men and women (table).
We found no significant difference according to age in
the first survey, but in the second survey prevalence was
higher for individuals aged 20-59 years than for younger
or older individuals (table). Children and adolescents
showed similar prevalence within each survey (table).
The increased prevalence in individuals aged 20-59
years was associated with an increase in the proportion
ofindividuals who lefthome on a daily basis, from 27.2%
(95% CI 26-5-28-8) to 316% (30-8-32.4 p<0-0001).

We found marked differences in prevalence according
to ethnic group, ranging from 0-7% (95% CI 0-5-1.0)
among Branco individuals to 4:2% in Indígenas in
the first wave, and from 1:4% (1:2-1.7) for Branco
individuals to 6-3% in the second wave. We did further
analyses to verify whether the higher prevalence in
Indígena individuals was due to confounding by region,
number of family members, and household wealth
(appendix p 24). To increase sample sizes for Indígena
participants, we pooled the results from both surveys
of the study for all ethnic groups. The prevalence odds
ratio (OR) for Indígena relative to Branco participants
was 4:72 (95% CI 2:91-7.67) in the model without
confounding factors. After adjustment, the OR was
reduced to 1:87 (1:18-2.96). When analyses were
restricted to the north region, the prevalence OR was
1:64 (0-87-3-10). In terms of ethnicity, the second
highest prevalence (2-4% [2-0-2-8] in the first survey
and 3.69% [3-2-4.0] in the second) was found in Pardo
participants.

wrwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://e

Prevalence was directly associated with household size
in both surveys (table). Results for socioeconomic status
show clear social gradients in both surveys, with greater
than two-times higher prevalence in the poorest than
in the wealthiest quintile (table). We found no evidence
of greater increases in a particular quintile (p for
interaction=0.96).

Discussion

To our knowledge, this is the largest population-based
study of prevalence of antibodies to SARS-CoV.2 in
geographical scope. Our most remarkable finding was
the cluster of high prevalence in 11 cities along the
Amazon River, with levels that were among the highest
ever reported in population-based studies.” This finding
of high prevalence in a tropical region contradicts
common wisdom that continents such as Africa might
be protected against COVID-19 because of high ambient
temperature”

The first COVID-19 case in Brazil's north region was
reported in Manaus on March 13, 2020, and the spread in
the pandemic was consistent with the main river-boat
routes along the Amazon.” Long boat trips—eg, 36 h
from Manaus to Tefé—offer the possibility of intense
contagion in overcrowded boats, where most passengers
use hammocks for sleeping or resting on the decks. One
study” showed an inverse association (Pearson's 1 -0-78;
p<0-0001) between the daily number of boats leaving the
capital to a given city and the number of days elapsed
until the first reported case in each city.

Another possibility is that Indígena individuals have
an increased genetic susceptibility to SARS-CoV-2 infec-
tion because several outbreaks have been reported in
Indigenous territories.” Our analyses suggest that the
excess risk of Indígena individuals is largely explained by
geographical region, household size, and socioeconomic
status. Nevertheless, the adjusted results do not negate
the finding that Indígena people are at higher risk than
people of other ethnicities are, if not for genetic reasons
then because of Indígena people's exposure to poverty
and to crowded living conditions. Historically, mortality
rates among Indígena peoples have been substantially
higher than those in other ethnic groups,7: and Indígena
populations were left behind when Brazil made rapid
progress in health during the 19908.” High sero-
prevalence, combined with comorbidity with metabolic
and cardiovascular diseases that are also increasing
rapidly among Indigenous Brazilians* will probably place
those people at increased risk of death due to COVID-19.

Pardo people are mostly descended from native
Americans and Europeans in the north region, and from
Africans and Europeans in the rest of the country.” Baqui
and colleagues” reported that hospital case-fatality from
COVID-19 was higher among individuals with Preto
or mixed ethnicity, compared with Branco people. The
number of Indígena participants in that study was not
sufficient for analyses.

 

r9/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9
 

Antibody prevalence increased by over 50% in the
period of 2-3 weeks between the two surveys, showing
increases in most cities studied. The notable exception
was Breves, where prevalence declined from the highest
observed prevalence in the first round by almost 50% in
the second survey. Only one other city (Castanhal, near
Breves) showed a reduction greater than 2 percent points.
Serum titres in previously positive individuals might have
fallen below the detection threshold for the test between
the first and second surveys. Indeed, a report showed
evidence of rapid declines in serum IgG titres among
COVID-19-infected patients over time, leading to loss of
ELISA positivity. This decline was especially prevalent
among seropositive individuals who were asymptomatic,
40% of whom became seronegative after an S-week
period.” A 14% decline in positive results in the same
participants was observed in the Spanish national surveys
between the first to the third survey (approximately
40 days)! These findings might have important
implications for the interpretation of seroprevalence
studies, which are likely to underestimate true prevalence
because previously positive individuals become negative
over a short time. Longitudinal or repeated panel studies
are required to confirm these findings.

Another possible explanation for high prevalence in
the Amazon is cross-reactivity with other coronaviruses
endemic to the region. We regard this explanation as
unlikely. First, positivity correlated well geographically
with reported mortality due to COVID-19, which would
not occur for past infections with related coronaviruses.
Second, we found rapid increases in prevalence in several
Amazon cities between the two surveys. Third, the rapid
test detects antibodies specific to the SARS-CoV-2
receptor binding domain of the spike protein, which is
poorly conserved across coronaviruses.”s

wWe were only able to identify one population-based
study of antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 in children. In Spain,
prevalence was less than half in children younger than 5
years than in adults”* We found that young children
displayed similar prevalence to that observed in older age
groups in the first survey, but in the second survey
prevalence was lower in those aged up to 19 years,
compared with adults aged 20-59 years.

The limitations of our analyses include the restriction
of the sample to sentinel cities that constitute regional
hubs, which are larger, more developed, and better
equipped with health services than the country as a
whole. Rural areas, where approximately 15% of all
Brazilians live, were excluded.“ Our response rate of
53-54% is similar to that in the Spanish survey (60%)
and higher than that achieved in national surveys in
Iceland and Austria. We found that many families have
been moving away from large cities to towns or rural
areas since physical distancing was recommended. We
could not collect information from houschold members
who were either away at the time of visit or refused to
participate.

Our sample had fewer children than was expected,
which was probably due to children's reluctance to
undergo a finger prick when randomly selected within
the household; also, infants were excluded from our
sample. In terms of ethnicity, Branco people were under-
represented in the sample compared with the national
population, possibly because of low response rates in
apartment buildings and gated communities, where
many Branco people live.

Concerns have been raised regarding the use of point-
ofcontact antibody tests for clinical decision making and
for so-called immune passports. However, use of such
tests for large-scale, population-based, seroprevalence
studies is less controversial, provided that sensitivity and
specificity are sufficienty high and appropriately
corrected for.” The test we used is one of the most
precise lateral-flow tests.” We used two sets of sensitivity
and specificity parameters for correction, and the largest
prevalence difference between the two approaches was
1.1 percentage point. Additionally, the possibility of
spectrum bias should be considered because sensitivity
assessments are usually limited to samples from patients
with severe disease and thus with higher antibody
levels;” this limitation applies to all antibody tests.

Given the scale of our study, point-of-contact tests were
the most viable alternative. Our results have strong face
validity, showing a high correlation with reported death
rates, an increase over time as the pandemic progressed,
and distribution by age, socioeconomic status, and
householá size that would be expected. The comparison
with officially reported cases and deaths showed that only
one in ten infections were reported as cases, and our
estimate of infection-fatality rate was lower than the
official figure for case-fatality*

Our results must be interpreted in terms of the
controversial management of the pandemic by the
national government.” Testing was restricted to indi-
viduals with severe symptoms during the early stages of
the pandemic and contact tracing was virtually non-
existent. Two consecutive health ministers were either
dismissed or resigned in less than 1 month because of
opposition to the president's stance regarding physical
distancing and the use of hydroxychloroquine to treat
COVID-19, and since May 15, the country has not had a
health minister. By contrast with the federal government,
most state governors and city mayors enforced closure of
schools, shops, and non-essential services, and recom-
mended the use of face masks. Nevertheless, hospital
services have been at the brink of collapse due to the high
numbers of patients requiring intensive care. Several
mayors and governors have relaxed physical distancing
policies throughout the country, despite the persisting
high incidence of new cases and deaths. The effect of
these measures is still too early to assess, but further
waves of serological surveys will allow monitoring of
the progression of the pandemic and help assess the
effectiveness of policy changes.

wwrwthelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi.org/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9

 
Articles

 

For the EPICOVIDAS datasets
see httpiwuny epicovida9brasl
orgfipage. id=472

Contributors

PCH, FPH, BLH, MES, CJS, LPV, LCP, OAD, MNB, GDV, AMBM, FCB,
AJDB, and CGV contributed to the conception and design of the work, to
the acquisition, analysis, and interpretation of data, and the draft of the
manuscript. NAN contributed to the acquisition of data. AI authors have
approved the submitted version.

Declaration ofinterests
We declare no competing interests.

Data sharing
Data will become publicly available upon request from the
corresponding author 30 days after publication. The EPICOVIDI9
datasets are frecly available online.

Acknowledgments
The study was funded by the Brazilian Ministry of Health, Instituto
Serrapilheira, Brazilian Collective Health Association and

JBS Fazer o Bem Faz Bem.

 

Editorial note: the Lancet Group takes a neutral position with respect to
territorial claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.

References

1 Pearce N, Vandenbroucke JP, VanderWecle TJ, Greenland S.
Accurate statistics on COVID-19 are essential for policy guidance
and decisions. Am J Public Health 2020; 110: 949-51.

2 Barreto ML, Barros AJD, Carvalho MS, et al. What is urgent and
necessary to inform policies to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic
in Brazil? Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia 2020; 23: 200032.

3 Wise]. Covid-19: surveys indicate low infection level in community.
BMJ 2020; 369: m1992.

4 Gudbjartsson DF, Helgason A, Jonsson H, ctal. Spread of SARS-
CoW-2 in the Icelandic Population. N Engl J Med 2020; 382: 2302-15.

S Institute for Social Rescarch and Consulting Ogris & Hofinger
GmbH (SORA). COVID-19 Prevalence, 2020. https:|wwvesora.at/
fileadmin /dovnloads/projekte/Austria COVID-19 Prevalence
BMBWF. SORA. 20200410. EN. Version.pdf (accessed
May 5, 2020).

6 — Public Health Agency of Sweden. Nya resultat frán undersólming
av fórekomsten av covid19 à Sverige. 2020. folkhalsomyndigheten.
se/nyheter-och-press nyhetsarkiv/2020/maj/nya-resultat-fran-
undersokning-av-forekomsten-av-covid-19-i-sverige/ (accessed
May 14, 2020).

7 Ministerio de Ciencia e Innovacion and Ministerio de Salud. Spain.
Estudio ENE-COVID19: primera ronda estudio nacional de sero-
epidemiologia de la infección por SARS-CoV-2 en Espafia. Informe
preliminar 13 mayo de 2020. Madrid, Spain, 2020. https:
mscbsgobes/ciudadanos/ene-covid/docsfestudio. ene-covidio
primera ronda. informe. preliminar pdf (accessed July 10, 2020).

8 - Ministerio de Ciencia e Innovacion and Ministerio de Salud. Spain.
Estudio ENE-Covid-19: Segunda Ronda. Estudio Nacional de Sero-
Epdemiologia de la Infección por SARS-CoV-2 en Esparia. Madrid,
Espafia, 2020. https:/ /wwvemscbs.gob es/ciudadanos jene-covid/
docs/estudio. ene-covidi9. segunda. ronda informe preliminar.pdf
(accessed July 10, 2020).

9 — Saude BMd. Coronavírus Brasil. 2020. https://covid saude gov br
(accessed Aug 5 2020).

10 Pellanda LC, Wendland EM, McBride AJA, et al. Sensitivityand
specificity of a rapid test for assessment of exposure to SARS-CoV-2 in

ity-based setting in Brazil. medRxiv 2020; published online

  

 

  

11 Comité Técnico do Inquérito Epidemiológico SARS-CoV-2.
“Avaliação da prevalência de marcadores virológicos e sorológicos do
SARS-CoV-2 na população de Ribeirão Preto: um inquérito
epidemiológico. Resultados preliminares. Ribeirão Preto:
Universidade de São Paulo, 2020.

12 Gomes CC, Cerutti C, Zandonade E, etal. A population-based study
of the prevalence of COVID-19 infection in Espirito Santo, Brazil:
methodology and results of the first stage. med Rxiv 2020; published
online June 16. https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.06.13.20130559
(preprint).

13 The Lancet. COVID-19 in Brazil: “So what?”. Lancet 2020; 395: 1461.

14 University of Miami. COVID-19 observatory: public polity adoption
index in Brazil. 2020. http:/ /observcovid.miami.edu/brazil/
(accessed Aug 5, 2020).

a

2

23

u

25

26

2”

29

França EB, Ishitani LH, Teixeira RA, etal. Deaths due to COVID-9
in Brazil: how many are there and which are being identified?
Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia 2020; 23: 200053.

Whitman JD, Hiatt ], Mowery CT, etl al. Test performance
evaluation of SARS-CoW-2 serological assays medRxiv 2020;
published online May 17 https://doi.
org/10.1101/2020.04.25.20074856 (preprint).

Silveira MF, Barros AJD, Horta BI, etal. Population-based surveys
of antibodies against SARS-CoV.-2 in Southern Brazil. Nat Med
2020; 26: 1196-99.

Petrucelli JL, Saboia AL, eds. Características étnico-raciais da
população: classificação e identidades. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil:
Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia c Estatística, 2013.

Lumley T. Analysis of complex survey samples. J Stat Softw 2004;
9: 1019.

Lumley T. Survey: analysis of complex survey samples.
https://cran.r-project.org [web packages [survey/citation html
(accessed May 5, 2020).
Viechtbauer W. Conducting meta-analyses in R with the metafor
package. J Stat Softw 2010; 36: 148.

Popovich N, Sanger-Katz M. The world is still far from herd
immuity for coronavirus. New York Times. May 28, 2020.
https://Wwvenytimes.com finteractive/2020/05 /28/upshot
coronavirus-herd-immunityhtml (accessed Sept 3, 2020).

The Lancet. COVID-19 in Africa: no room for complacency. Lancet
2020; 395: 1669.

Pereira HS, Barbosa DES, Lorenzi BC, Vasconcelos ARM. Fases da
pandemia em 6 capitais da Amazônia brasileira. ODS

“Atlas Amazonas 2020; 2: 1-2.

Aleixo N, Silva Neto ], Pereira H, Barbosa D, Lorenzi B. Along
waterways: mobility and evolution of COVID-19 in the state of
Amazonas. Confins 2020: 45.

Articulacao de Povos Indigenas do Brasil. Vidas indígenas e o
COVID-19. 2020. http://apib.info/2020 05/14/1-vidas-indigenas-e-
covid-19/ (accessed May 12, 2020).

Campos MB, Borges GM, Queiroz BL, Santos RV. Differencesin
mortality between indigenous and non-indigenous persons in
Brazil based on the 2010 Population Census. Cad Saude Publica
2017; 33: e00015017.

Santos RV, Borges GM, Campos MB, Queiroz BL, Coimbra CEA Jr,
Welch JR. Indigenous children and adolescent mortality inequity in
Brazil: vihat can we leam from the 2010 National Demographic
Census? SSM Popul Health 2020; 10: 100537.

Coimbra CEA, Santos RV. Emerging health needs and
epidemiological research in indigenous peoples in Brazil. In: Salzano
FM, Hurtado AM, eds. Lost paradises and the ethics of rescarch and
publication. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2004: 89-109.

Schmidt MI, Duncan BB, Azevedo e Silva G, et al. Chronic non-
commmunicable discases in Brazil: burden and current challenges.
Lancet 2011; 377: 1949-61.

Pena SD, Di Pietro G, FuchshuberMoraes M, ct al. The genomic
ancestry of individuals from different geographical regions of Brazil
is more uniform than expected. PLoS One 2011; 6: e17063.

Baqui P, Bica 1, Marra V, Ercole A, van der Schaar M. Ethnic and
regional variations in hospital mortality from COVID-19 in Brazil
a cross-sectional observational study. Lancet Global Health 2020;
8: c1018-26.

Long QX, Tang X], Shi Q-L, etal. Clinical and immunological
assessment of asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infections. Nat Med 2024
26: 1200-04.

Ministerio de Ciencia e Innovacion and Ministerio de Salud. Spain.
Estudio ENE-Covid-19: Informe Final Estudio Nacional de Sero-
Epdemiologia de la Infección por SARS-CoV-2 en Esparia. Madrid,
Spain, 2020. https: /vrww.mscbs.gob.es /ciudadanos/ene-covid/
docs/ESTUDIO. ENE-COVID19. INFORME. FINAL.pdf (accessed
July 10, 2020).

Premkumar L, Segovia-Chumbez E, Jadi R, et al. The receptor
binding domain of the viral spike protein is an immunodominant
and highly specific target of antibodies in SARS-CoV-2 patients.

Sci Immunol 2020; 5: cabc8413.

Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia c Estatística. Projeções da
População. 2019. https: www ibge.gov br/estatisticas/sociais/
populacao/9109-projecao-da-populacao.htmlP=&t=resultados
(accessed April 30, 2020).

 

 

  

 

 

  

 

 

  

wwwthelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi.org/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9
Articles

 

37 Thee ES, Slev P, Wheeler S, Couturier MR, Wong SJ, Kadkhoda K. | 39 Takahashi S, Greenhouse B, Rodríguez-Barraquer 1. Are SARS-
The role of antibody testing for SARS-CoV-2: is there onc? CoY-2 seroprevalence estimates biased? OSF Preprints 2020;
J Clin Microbiol 2020; 58: c00797-20. published online May 30. https://doi.org/10.31219/osfio [y3fxt
38 Bryant JE, Azman AS, Ferrari MJ, et al. Serology for SARS-CoV-2: (preprint).
apprehensions, opportunities, and the path forward. Sci Immunol
2020; 5: cabe6347.

 

 

 

wwrwthelancet.com/lancetgh Published online September 23, 2020 https://doi.org/10.1016/52214-109X(20)30387-9
LETTERS

https://doi.org/101038/541591-020-0992-3

 

nature, .
medicine
Check for updates

 

 

Population-based surveys of antibodies against
SARS-CoV-2 in Southern Brazil

Mariângela F. Silveira! Aluísio J. D. Barros!, Bernardo L. Horta!, Lúcia C. Pellanda?, Gabriel D. Victora?,
Odir A. Dellagostin', Claudio J. Struchiner”, Marcelo N. Burattinis, Andréia R. M. Valim,

Evelise M. Berlezi”, Jeovany M. Mesa 28, Maria Letícia R. Ikeda &º, Marilia A. Mesenburg?,

Marina Mantesso!?, Marinel M. Dall'Agnol", Raqueli A. Bittencourt O?, Fernando P. Hartwig!,

Ana M. B. Menezes!, Fernando C. Barros), Pedro C. Hallal0!323 and Cesar G. Victora O!3

Population-based data on COVID-19 are urgently needed.
We report on three rounds of probability sample household
surveys in the state of Rio Grande do Sul (Brazil), carried
out in nine large municipalities using the Wondfo lateral flow
point-of-care test for immunoglobulin M and G antibodies
against SARS-CoV-2 (https://en.wondfo.com.cn/product/
wondfo-sars-cov-2-antibody-test-lateral-flow-method-2/).
Before survey use, the assay underwent four validation stud-
ies with pooled estimates of sensitivity (84,8%; 95% con-
fidence interval (CI) = 81.4-87.8%) and specificity (99.0%;
95% CI=97.8-99.7%). We calculated that the seroprevalence
was 0.048% (2/4151; 95% CI= 0.006-0.174) on 11-13 April
(round 1), 0.135% (6/4,460; 95% CI=0.049-0.293%) on
25-27 April (round 2) and 0.222% (10/4,500; 95% CI=0.,107-
0.408) on 9-11 May (round 3), with a significant upward trend
over the course of the surveys. Of 37 family members of posi-
iduals, 17 (35%) were also positive. The epidemic
It an early stage in the state, and there is high compliance
with social distancing, unlike in other parts of Brazil. Periodic
survey rounds will continue to monitor trends until at least the
end of September, and our population-based data will inform
decisions on preventive policies and health system prepared-
ness at the state level.

Despite calls for population-based data on COVID-19 (ref),
there have been few household seroprevalence surveys globally, and
none in Latin America”. In Rio Grande do Sul, the southernmost
state in Brazil (population 11.3 million), the first case of COVID-
19 was diagnosed on 29 February 2020. As of 10 June, 12,802 con-
firmed cases (113 per 1,000,000 inhabitants) and 302 deaths had
been reported (http://ti.saude.rs.gov.br/covid19/). In this state, as
in the rest of Brazil, only people with moderate to severe symp-
toms had been tested. The state and most city governments issued
strong social distancing policies in mid-March, including closures
of schools, shops and services, except for businesses deemed to
be essential. Gatherings of more than 100 people were forbidden.
Social distancing measures were adopted by most of the population.
However, from mid- April onwards, relaxation of social distancing
began. While schools and public gatherings remain prohibited,

 

 

 

 

   

   

 

industrial, commercial and services sectors open daily for limited
periods oftime while staff and customers are required to wear facial
masks. Mask use is also compulsory on public transportation and,
in some municipalities, for anyone walking or cycling on the streets.

Other than studies based on convenience samples, such as those
collected from volunteers, supermarket customers or blood donors,
there are few general population surveys available for severe acute
respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) prevalence.
National studies using reverse transcription PCR (RT-PCR) showed
prevalences of 0.6% in Iceland”, 0.3% in Austria” and 0.9% in
Sweden:. A national serological survey in Spain found a prevalence
of 5.0%, ranging from <2% in some regions to 11.3% in Madrid.
In the Brazilian city of Ribeirão Preto, in the state of São Paulo, the
seroprevalence was 1.4% based on the same test used in this paper”.

Smaller studies in hot spots for COVID-19 showed prevalences
of 14% in the German city of Gangelt' and 3% in the Italian vil-
lage of Vô”. As expected, studies using samples from volunteers
found higher prevalence, as was the case for the first study in
Iceland (0.9%), the population screening in South Korea (2.1%)"
and two studies in California (with prevalences of 1.5% in Santa
Clara county" and 4.1% in Los Angeles County”). The two studies
in California and the German survey used point-of-care antibody
tests, whereas the other three studies used RT-PCR tests.

Starting on 11-13 April, we began to test the presence of anti-
bodies against SARS-CoV-2 in population-based samples of 500
individuals in each of nine sentinel cities in the state. The same
methodology was used in a second round in the same cities on
25-27 April, and again in a third round on 9-11 May. Subsequent
rounds are planned to take place every 2 weeks to monitor how the
pandemic is evolving.

We selected 500 individuals in each of nine cities, including the
eight regional hubs in the state, plus the city of Canoas, which is the
second most populated city in the metropolitan area after the state
capital (Fig. 1). Fifty census tracts were selected in each city, with ten
households in each tract. The sample was not intended to be repre-
sentative of the state's population, as smaller towns and rural areas
were not included. The decision to focus on regional hubs where
commerce and services tend to be concentrated was taken to track

 

'Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Pelotas, Brazil. Fundação Universidade Federal de Ciências de Saúde de Porto Alegre, Porto Alegre, Brazil. Laboratory of
lymphocyte Dynamics, Rockefeller University, New York, NY, United States. “Fundação Getúlio Vargas, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. “Universidade de São Paulo,
São Paulo, Brazil. “Universidade de Santa Cruz do Sul, Santa Cruz do Sul, Brazil. “Universidade de ljuí, Ijuí, Brazil. SIMED Passo Fundo, Passo Fundo, Brazil.
“Universidade do Vale do Rio dos Sinos, São Leopoldo, Brazil. “Universidade de Caxias do Sul, Caxias do Sul, Brazil. "Universidade Federal de Santa Maria,
Santa Maria, Brazil. “Secretaria Municipal de Saúde de Uruguaiana, Uruguaiana, Brazil. “These authors contributed equally: Pedro C. Hallal, Cesar

G. Victora. Be-mail: prchallaltogmail.com

1196

NATURE MEDICINE | VOL 26 | AUGUST 2020 | 1196-1199 | www.nature.com/naturemedicine
 

UNS

9, 9

tá Findo
Q Q Caxias.
Uruguaiana Canoas
Santa santa Cruz a
Maria do Sul Alegre
Pelotas.

Fig. 1] Locations of the nine sentinel cities. Inset: location of the state of
Rio Grande do Sulin Brazil.

the progression of the pandemic in the places where the virus was
most likely to be introduced in the state.

Of the 4,500 individuals we intended to test in each round, it
was possible to test 4,151 individuals in the first round, 4,460 in the
second and 4,500 in the third. The number of participants in each
of the nine cities is provided in Supplementary Table 4. The sample
fell short of the planned number in the first and second rounds due
to logistical difficulties resulting from the need to complete the
survey in a 3-d period. When there was a refusal at a household,
it was replaced with the next household in the census tract listing.
Refusals were relatively rare: 8.9% in the first round and 7.1% in the
third round. The number of households where residents were away
increased from 11.0 to 30.3% in the same period.

Self-reported information on sociodemographic variables and
social isolation was collected using a questionnaire (available at
http://wwwers.epicovid 19brasil.org/banco-de-dados/). Table 1 shows
the characteristics of individuals who provided blood samples.
Participants across the three rounds were similar in terms of sex, age,
sin color and schooling. The nine sentinel cities are not represen-
tative of the state, and a comparison with state demographics shows
that there were higher proportions of women and of older adults
among our survey participants. Young children were particularly
under-represented.

In the first round, 20.6% of respondents reported leaving home
daily, compared with 28.3% in the second round and 30.4% in the
third round. Although leaving home did not necessarily mean
that they interacted with other people, it may be assumed to have
increased the risk of exposure. Those reporting staying at home
all of the time comprised 21.1, 18.3 and 16.5% in each of the
rounds, respectively. These differences were statistically significant
(P=23x10-2).

We determined positivity for antibodies to SARS-CoV-2
by using a point-of-care lateral flow test from Wondfo using
finger-prick blood samples. This test assays for antibodies of both
immunoglobulin M (IgM) and IgG isotypes, without distinc-
tion, reactive towards SARS-CoV-2 antigens not specified by the
manufacturer or in the literature. According to the manufacturer,
the Wondfo antibody test has 86.4% (95% confidence interval
(CI)=82.4-89.6%) sensitivity and 99.6% (95% CI =97.6-99.9%)
specificity. It was one of the two best-performing lateral flow
assays of the ten evaluated in a recent pre-print” and is currently

NATURE MEDICINE | VOL 26 | AUGUST 2020 [1196-1199 | www. nature.com/naturemedicine

 

 

the three survey rounds in the nine cities
compared with the state population distribution

 

Round! Round2 Round3 State population?
Sex (%)
Male nz 40.6 sa 48.7
Female 58.3 59.4 589 513
Age (years)
0-9 36 26 25 123
10-19 54 51 59 126
20-29 123 n4 129 154
30-39 153 169 15.2 151
40-49 15.5 14.5 153 133
50-59 v7 79 17 129
60-69 16.5 78 16.3 10.2
70-79 93 103 103 57
80+ 44 35 45 29
Skin color
White 76.5 75.8 76.0 815
Brown 158 16.2 153 0
Black 66 67 74 52
Other “ 13 13 03
Education
Primaryorless 409 342 361 Not available
Secondary 328 39 3.5 Not available
University or 26.3 339 324 Not available
higher
Number 4151 4460 4,500

 

“Data from refs. "5,

approved for point-of-care testing in China (http://english.nmpa.
gov.cn/2020-04/03/c. 468570.htm)

As an additional check on how the rapid test performed under
fieldwork conditions, we conducted two separate assessments. The
first was during the validation study in Porto Alegre, where 83
RT-PCR-positive individuals were tested in the field using the rapid
test. As described in the Methods, 64 of these individuals had posi-
tive results with the rapid test”. Second, we tested four individuals
in the sample who reported having tested positive with RT-PCRin a
health facility, three of whom had positive results with the rapid test.

Table 2 shows the seroprevalence estimates, The numbers of pos-
itive results were two, six and ten in the three rounds, respectively.
There were significant upward time trends in both the absolute and
relative analyses. Prevalence in the third round was 0.17 percent
points higher than in the first round, or 4.6 times higher. There were
11 individuals with non-conclusive results in the three phases, of
whom nine were retested and found to be negative, and the results
oftwo individuals remained non-conclusive.

Given the small numbers of participants who tested positive, we
focused the presentation of data on the unadjusted results (addi-
tional analyses are described in the Methods and summarized in
Supplementary Table 1). Supplementary Tables 2 and 3 provide
additional results using other analytical strategies—namely, adjust-
ing for the clustered nature of the sample (which affects the con-
fidence limits, but not the point estimates) and for estimates of
sensitivity and specificity of the test (details on these additional
analytical approaches and justifications for not using them as the

97
 

ETTER URE MEDICINE

Table 2 | Increases over time in the prevalence of infection
and estimated number of cases in the state, and prevalence
differences and ratios among the surveys

 

Survey Prevalence Estimated Difference Ratio
round &%) numberof — (percentage
casesinthe  pointsja
state?
1 0.048 5482 O (reference) 1 (reference)
(0.006- — (664-19,789)
0174)
2 0135 15,306 0.086 2192
(0.049- — (5619- €-0.040- — (0564-
0.293) 33288) 0.213) 13823)
3 0.222 25,283 on7A 4612
(0107- (12130- (0021-0327) (0N-21033)
0.408) 46453)
Comparison P=0017? — p=0048

 

All values are point estimates, with 95% CIs in parentheses.“Differences are relativeto the
cellabove, with survey round as a reference. tPvalues mere calculated using Cochran's Q
heterogeneity test assuming a linear (in the absolute or relative scales) trend over time (and thus
withl degree of freedom), implemented as fixed-effects meta-regression.

primary analytical methods are provided in the Methods).
Adjustment for the clustered nature of the sample made little change
to the confidence limits, and the time trends remained statistically
significant. Analyses accounting for the sensitivity and specificity
of the test resulted in a scenario in which the prevalence would be
0% and there would be no cases in the state. This is because the
estimated false positive rate based on validation studies was higher
than the prevalence measured in the survey rounds. In the Methods,
we discuss these findings in more detail.

The numbers of individuals tested and those who were positive
in each city are provided in Supplementary Table 4. Two of the 18
positive individuals lived alone, and the remaining 16 had 39 fam-
ily members in their households. Of these, 37 were tested and 13
(35.1%) were positive. Six positive individuals had at least one posi-
tive family member (see Supplementary Table 5).

Figure 2 shows the officially reported numbers of cases and
deaths in the state, the estimated numbers of cases from our analyses
and the seroprevalence in the three rounds. The ratios of estimated
to reported cases were 8.4 (95% CI=1.0-30.3), 13.1 (95% CI=4.8-
28.5) and 9.9 (95% CI=4.8-18.3) in rounds 1, 2 and 3, respectively,
and infection fatality rates were equal to 0.29% (95% CI=0.08-
2.41), 0.23% (95% CI=0.11-0.62) and 0.38% (95% CI=0.21-0.80).

Four out of the ten cases in the most recent round were in the
city of Passo Fundo (population: 203,000 inhabitants) where an
outbreak in a meat-processing plant resulted in 455 reported cases
per 100,000, whereas the other eight cities in the sample showed
incidences ranging from 32 to 105 per 100,000 (https://coronavirus.
rs.gov.br/inicial).

This is the first report on repeated population-based surveys
for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in Brazil. Based on
reported death rates by 14 May 2020 (the reference date for the third
survey wave), Rio Grande do Sul was one of the states with the low-
est mortality (11 per million) —well below Rio de Janeiro (130 per
million), Sao Paulo (94 per million) and the national mortality rate
(67 per million) (https://covid.saude.gov.br/).

The low prevalence levels reported in our study are compatible
with an initial phase of the pandemic. We estimate that nine out of
ten cases in the state are not reported, and that the infection fatality
rate is well below 1%. Our finding of low prevalence is comparable
to the results of other population-based studies in Iceland?, Austria”
and Sweden”, and lower than the 5.0% prevalence detected in Spain”.

 

mos

 

     
 

 
 

 

 

 

106º 10

10º) ç ? ros
Ê 2
E 164 ros d
: É
g
E ed . tos É
So 20” y roz

10º 4 ul y Lo

9Mar 28Mar GA 204 4May
Date

— Contirmed cases 9 Survey estimate (95% CI)

«==» Deaths 3 Survey prevalence (95% CI)

Fig.2| Time trends in survey-based estimates of seroprevalence and
numbers of cases, compared with reported cases and deaths in the state.
Data on cumulative cases and deaths (lines) are from the Rio Grande do
Sul State Secretariat of Health. Survey prevalence estimates were based on
the following numbers of positive tests/sample sizes: 2/4149, 6/4,460 and
10/4,500 in phases 1-3, respectively. The estimated numbers of total cases
in the state were obtained by multiplying the survey prevalence estimate
by the state population (11,377,239 according to the Brazilian Institute of
Geography and Statistics). Error bars are 95% confidence intervals.

Important concerns have been raised about rapid serological
tests, but these mostly refer to their use in making clinical deci-
sions', and in issuing immunity passports' for individuals who
are assumed to have developed immunity. Both circumstances refer
to individual-level diagnoses based on rapid tests. The use of rapid
tests for population-based estimates, and particularly for monitor-
ing trends over time, may be acceptable.

The results of rapid serological tests in the field may be affected
by operator error in use and interpretation, but all test results were
photographed and sent to a researcher (M.ES.) who confirmed all
of the positive results, as well as a 20% sample of negative results.
Further validation of the Wondfo test will be carried out, using
enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, in the sample evaluated in
the validation study.

The limitations of our analyses include the restriction of sam-
pling to sentinel cities that collectively account for 31% of the
state's population, while smaller towns and rural areas were not
included. Second, antibody tests result in many false negatives for
recent infections, particularly within the first 2 weeks since con-
tagion, and thus prevalence reflects levels of infection 1-2 weeks
before the survey. The non-response rates at the houschold level
were relatively low compared with other population-based stud-
jes*”, or with studies using volunteers. Our surveys had fewer chil-
dren participants than expected, due to their reluctance to undergo
a finger prick when randomly selected within the household. In
addition, it was not feasible to collect venous blood samples for
confirmatory exams.

Lastly, our results were at the lower range of the 95% CI for the
false positive rate, which was estimated at 1.0% (95% CL = 0.3-2.2%)
in the pooled estimate from four validation studies. In these studies,
specificity was measured using frozen samples, and the possibility of
non-specific binding leading to false positives has been mentioned
by some authors”. Our findings suggest the possibility that existing
validation results may have overestimated the false positive rate.

NATURE MEDICINE | VOL 26 | AUGUST 2020 | 1196-1199 | www.nature.com/naturemedicine
VIA [e Ta RN DAN

Additional results suggest that the performance of the rapid
test was adequate under field conditions. Clustering was observed
in six families, and 35% of family members of all positive index
cases also tested positive. These cases were probably true positives,
accounting for 0.05% (95% CI= 0.02-0.10%) ofthe combined sam-
plein the three rounds. Further evidence supporting the validity of
our results includes documentation of a significant upward time
trend, a near-constant tenfold excess of estimated over reported
cases in the state, detection of the outbreak in the city of Passo
Fundo, and confirmation of three out of four cases that had been
previously diagnosed.

These surveys are being partly funded by the state and national
governments of Brazil. Survey results were disseminated, 2 d after
the completion of data collection, in press briefings, and the state
governor is making use of the information to guide stay-at-home
measures and other policies. Results from the next rounds of our
study will allow us to follow the dynamics of the pandemic in the
state as social restriction measures start to be relaxed.

 

Online content

Any methods, additional references, Nature Research report-
ing summaries, source data, extended data, supplementary infor-
mation, acknowledgements, peer review information; details of
author contributions and competing interests; and statements of
data and code availability are available at https://doi.org/10.1038/
s41591-020-0992-3.

Received: 30 April 2020; Accepted: 24 June 2020;
Published online: 8 July 2020

References

1. Pearce, N., Vandenbroucke, ). P, VanderWeele, T. J. & Greenland, S. Accurate
statistics on COVID-19 are essential for policy guidance and decisions.
Am. J, Public Health 110, 949-951 (2020).

2. Barreto, M. L. etal. What is urgent and necessary to inform policies
to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil? Rev. Bras. Epidemiol. 23,
200032 (2020).

NATURE MEDICINE | VOL 26 | AUGUST 2020 | 1196-1199 | www.nature.com/naturemedicine

3. Gudbjartsson, D. E et al Spread of SAR$-CoV-2 in the Icelandic population.
N. Engl. J Med. 382, 2302-2315 (2020).

4. Ogris, G. & Hofinger, C. COVID-19 Prevalence (SORA Institute for Social
Research and Consulting, 2020).

5. Nya Resultat frân Undersôkning av Fórekomsten av COVID-19 i Sverige
(Public Health Agency of Sweden, 2020).

6. Estudio ENE-COVIDIS: Primera Ronda Estudio Nacional de
Sero-Epidemiologia de la Infección por SARS-CoV-2 en Espaiia. Informe
Preliminar 13 Mayo de 2020 (Ministerio de Ciencia e Innovacion and
Ministerio de Salud, 2020).

7. Comitê Técnico do Inquérito Epidemiológico SAR$-CoV-2 Avaliação da
Prevalência de Marcadores Virológicos e Sorológicos do SARS-CoV-2 na
População de Ribeirão Preto: um Inquérito Epidemiológico. Resultados
Preliminares (Universidade de São Paulo, Ribeirão Preto, 2020).

8. Regalado, A. Blood tests show 14% of people are now immune to COVID-19
in one town in Germany. MIT Technology Review (9 April 2020).

9. Day M. COVID-I9: identifying and isolating asymptomatic people helped
eliminate virus in Italian village. Br. Med. J. 368, m1165 (2020).

10. Coronavirus Disease 19, Republic of South Korea (Ministry of Health and
Welfare (South Korea), 2020).

11. Bendavid, E. et al. COVID-19 antibody seroprevalence in Santa Clara County,
California. Preprint at medRxiv https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.04.14.20062463
(2020).

12. USC-LA County Study: Early Resulis of Antibody Testing Suggest Number of
COVID-I9 Infections Far Exceeds Number of Confirmed Cases in Los Angeles
County (County of Los Angeles Public Health, 2020).

13. Whitman, ). D. et al. Test performance evaluation of SARS-CoV-2 serological
assays. Preprint at medRxiv https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.04.25.20074856
(2020).

14. Pellanda, L. C. et al. Sensitivity and specificity of a rapid test for assessment
of exposure to SARS-CoV-2 in a community-based setting in Brazil. Preprint
at medRxiv https://doiorg/10.1101/2020.05.06.20093476 (2020).

15. Advice on the Use of Point-of-Care Immunodiagnostic Tests for COVID-I9
Scientific Brief (WHO, 2020).

16. “Immunity passports” in the Context of COVID-19 Scientific Brief
(WHO, 2020).

17. Pesquisa Nacional por Amostra de Domicílios: Síntese de Indicadores 2015
(Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística, 2016).

18. Projeções da População (Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística, 2019).

Publisher” note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in
published maps and institutional affiliations.

9 The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature America, Inc. 2020

1199
 

ETTER URE MEDICINE

Methods

The state of Rio Grande do Sul is divided by the Brazilian Institute of Geography
and Statistics into eight intermediary regions (Fig. 1). The main cityin each region
was selected for the study. In the main metropolitan region, we selected the state
capital, Porto Alegre, as well as Canoas—the second largest city in the metropolitan
area. Populations ranged from 78,915 in Ijuí to 1,409,351 in Porto Alegre (https://
cidades.ibge.gov.br/brasil/rs/panorama).

Sampling. We used multi-stage sampling to select 50 census tracts with probability
proportionate to size in each sentinel city and ten households at random in each
tract based on census listings updated in 2019. AIlhousehold members were listed at
the beginning of the visit, and one individual was randomly selected through an app
used for data collection. The survey waves took place on 10-12 and 25-27 April.
The statewide sample of 4,500 individuals allowed estimation of prevalence
levels of 3 and 10% with margins of error of 0.5 and 1.0 percentage points,
respectively.
In the first wave, interviewers had listings of 35 households in each tract. Any
refusals at household level led to selection of the next household on the list, and
so on until ten houscholds were included. In the second wave, field workers went
to the house visited in the first wave, then selected the tenth household to its right.
In case of refusal, the next household to the right side was selected. In the case of
acceptance at the household level but refusal by the index individual to provide
a sample, a second member was selected. If this person also refused, the field
workers moved on to the next household on the list.

Laboratory methods. The prevalence of antibodies was assessed with a rapid
point-of-care test—the Wondfo SARS-CoV-2 Antibody Test (Wondfo Biotech) —
using finger-prick blood samples. This test detects immunoglobulins of both IgG
and IgM isotypes specific to SARS-CoV-2 antigens in a lateral flow assay. Two
drops of blood from a pinprick are sufficient to detect the presence of antibody.
The assay reagent consists of colloidal gold particles coated with recombinant
SARS-CoV-2 antigens. Following introduction of the blood sample, reactive
antibody-antigen-colloidal gold complexes, if present, are captured by antibodies
against human IgM and IgG present on the test (T) line in the kits window, leading
to the appearance of a dark-colored line. Samples without SARS-CoV-2-reactive
antibodies will not result in the appearance of this line. Valid tests are identified by
a positive control line (C) in the same window If this control line is not visible, the
testis deemed inconclusive, which is uncommon..

Four independent validation studies are available for the rapid test. lts
sensitivity and specificity are 86.4 and 99.6%, respectively, according to the
manufacturer, using samples collected from 361 confirmed cases and 235 negative
controls (https://en.wondfo.com.cn/product/wondfo-sars-cov-2-antibody-test-1
ateral-flow-method-2/). The tests were purchased in bulk by the Brazilian
government, being earmarked for use in population surveys and surveillance
Programs. An initial validation study was carried out by the National Institute for
Quality Control in Health (Oswaldo Cruz Foundation) using 18 positive serum
samples and 77 negative serum samples based on quantitative RT-PCR. The
reported sensitivity was 100.0% (95% CI= 81.5-100.0%), while the specificity was
98.7% (95% CI= 93.0-100.0%). Recently, Whitman and colleagues” evaluated ten
different lateral flow assays using as specimens plasma or serum samples from
symptomatic SAR$-CoV-2 RT-PCR-positive individuals and 108 pre-COVID-19
negative controls. The sensitivity of the Wondfo test was 81.5% (95% CI=70.0-
90.196) among 65 patients with a positive RT-PCR 11d or more before the test,
and the specificity was 99.1% (95% 4.9-100.0%). Of the ten tests studied,
the Wondfo test was one of the two lateral flow tests with the best performance.
Lastly, we carried out our own validation study, based on 83 volunteers with
a positive quantitative RT-PCR result 10d or more before the rapid test. This
analysis showed a sensitivity of 77.1% (95% CL=66.6-85.6%). We also analyzed
100 serum samples collected in 2012 from participants of the 1982 Pelotas (Brazil)
Birth Cohort Study" and found 98 negative results, yielding a specificity estimate
0f 98.0% (95% C1=93.0-99.8%). By pooling the results from the four separate
validations studies, weighted by sample sizes, the sensitivity was estimated at 84.8%
(95% CI=81.4-87.8%) and the specificity was estimated at 99.0% (95% CI=97.8-
99.7%). Data collection in 2012 received ethical approval by the Ethics Committee
of the Faculty of Medicine of the Federal University of Pelotas (review number
16/2012); participants signed informed consent forms to allow the drawing and
storage of serum samples for analysis. In early 2020, the National Research Ethics
Committee of the Brazilian Ministry of Health approved the use of these samples
for the validation study (review number 4.059.173).

Details of the validation study are available from ref. ”.

  

 

Data collection. Participants answered short questionnaires, including
sociodemographic information (sex, age, schooling and skin color), COVID-
19-related symptoms, use of health services, compliance with social distancing
measures and use of masks. Field workers used tablets or smartphones to record
the full interviews, register all answers and photograph the test results. AIL positive
or inconclusive tests were read by a second observer, as well as 20% of the negative
tests, If the index participant in a household had a positive result, all other family
members were invited to be tested.

Ethical approval. Interviewers were tested and found to be negative for the virus,
and were provided with individual protection equipment that was discarded after
visiting cach home. Ethical approval was obtained from the Brazilian National
Ethics Committee (process number 30415520.2.0000.5313), with written informed
consent from all participants. A separate informed consent form was used to obtain
permission from parents or legally authorized representatives for minors who were
part of the study. Positive cases were reported to the statewide COVID-19
surveillance system. The study protocol was published before the first wave of data
collection”.

 

Statistical analyses. We estimated the seroprevalence in cach survey using three
different analytical strategies, as summarized in Supplementary Table 1. For cach
analytical strategy, we calculated absolute (in percentage points) and relative
differences between the surveys regarding the prevalence of infection. Pvalues were
calculated using Cochrants Q heterogencity test assuming a linear (in the absolute

or relative scales, respectively) trend over time (and thus with 1d.£), implemented

as fixed-effects meta-regression. For strategy 3, differences were not calculated
because all point estimates were zero. We also compared the distribution cf social
distancing behavior between the three surveys using a chi-squared test with Rao and
Scott second-order correction”, which accounts for the sampling design and yields

a statisti that follows an F-distribution with d.£,-d.£, degrees of freedom. In our
analysis, d £,= 3.9664 and d.£,= 1,749.1659. AIl analyses were performed using R
version 3.6.1 (ref. *). The survey package=::” was used to incorparate the sampling
design and to compare the distribution of social distancing behavior between
surveys, The metafor package” was used to compare the prevalence between surveys.

 

Analytical strategies. Results from the different analytical strategies are shown in
Supplementary Tables 2 and 3.

In strategy 1, we analyzed the surveys as though these were simple random
samples from the population”. This allowed us to calculate the confidence
intervals of the prevalence using the exact binomial method, which were wider
than confidence intervals obtained after accounting for the sampling design, which
must be calculated using conventional approximations (for example, the normal
approximation method).

In strategy 2, we analyzed the surveys accounting for the sampling design.

“As mentioned above, standard methods for confidence interval estimation were
not valid in our study (probably due to the very small number of positive tests).
To overcome this limitation, we implemented the following strategy to calculate
confidence intervals:

1. Inform the sampling design to the statistical software.

2. -Calculate the standard error of the logit of the prevalence by ftting a logistic
regression where the test result (0= negative; 1= positive) is the dependent
variable, with no predictor (just the intercept). Let à denote the estimated
prevalence and Gig () denote the standard error of log it(ô).

3. — Generate the empiricál sampling distribution of the logit of the prevalence by
sampling R times (where R=5x 10º is the number of re-samples) from the
normal distribution with mean= logit(ô) and variance= Sic) Such that

logit(ô,) e m(logu() Rj

 

Go tee red,

4. Convert the empirical sampling distribution to the natural prevalence scale
by applying the sigmoid function,

5. Use lhe standard deviation of the converted empirical sampling distribution
as an estimate of the standard error of the prevalence (thatis, 05).

6. Calculate the effective sample size (N') (that is, the sample size that a study
using simple random sampling would be expected to have so that the stand

ard error of ô equals 0;). This was calculated as Nº = min [ “8, where
Nisthe actual sample is N vas roundedto he nearest integer

7. Calculate the effective number of positive tests as

8 Use nf and N'to calculate the exact binomial confidence entra Wien “
was not an integer, we opted to not round it because, due to the small number
oftests, any rounding would correspond to a substantial relative change in the
prevalence. To overcome this issue, we calculated two confidence intervals:
one for the nearest smaller integer (thatis, [4 ) and another for the nearest
larger integer (that is, [4 Leta; and b, respectively denote the lower and

“upper limits of the confidence interval using [5] ,and a, and b, denote the
same for [14]. The confidence interval for 1, Was then calcula as follows:
2 z
apm, and b = 55 by, where w, is the weight that each conf
&
dence interval recelves, calculated as follows: m = 1 — (nf — [14] ) and
va = (6 - [6])

In strategy 3, we analyzed the surveys accounting for the sampling design
and dhe test Validity (thai, sensitivity and speciâciy). By pooling multiple
validation studies”, the sensitivity was estimated to be 3 = Hé and the specificity
was estimated to be é — El. Diggle”! proposed the following equation to obtain a
corrected prevalence estimate: 9 = ir, where Ôis the cortected prevalence.

 

 

 

 

NATURE MEDICINE | wuw.nature.com/naturemedicine
NATURE MEDICINE RN DAN

Ofnote,ifô<0or > 1, itis truncated atO or 1, respectively. The same applies for
confidence intervals. We also performed additional analyses using two other sets of
sensitivity and specificity estimates: (1) the manufacturer estimates, wiich were

= Band à = 38 and (2) local estimates, which were 5 = $and é =
“6 incorporate the uncertainty o£s and é in the confidence interval for À, we

used parametric bootstrapping, as follows:

1. Assuming that 3 » 28º) and à 28: (where N,=526 and N,=518 denote
the sample sizes used to estimate sensitivity and specifcity, respectively), the
empirical sampling distribution of these parameters can be obtained as

axa,

where r E (1,... RJ. aus
2. Generate the empirical sampling distribution of as à, = 2052),
à

         

 

  

  

=
(1

 

 

.— Generate the empirical sampling distribution of as à, = (1

4 Calculate the confidence interval of Ô using the percentile method (thatis,
using percentiles (2) 100% and (1 — 4) 100% of the empirical sampling dis-
tribution as the lower and upper limits of a (1 —a)100% confidence interval
(truncating the intervals if necessary)).

 

Given multiple possible analytical strategies, it is important to define which is
the primary strategy and which are secondary strategies. In this study, strategy 1
“was chosen as the primary analytical strategy and was used to perform the analyses
reported in the body of this article, even though it does not account for the
sampling design and estimates of validity. Below, we justify this decision.

Not accounting for sampling design. Given the multi-stage sampling design
used in the survey it is necessary to account for the sampling design for proper
estimation of confidence intervals. However, it should be noted that, in the case
of proportions, such design-adjusted confidence intervals can only be calculated
using approximations of the binomial distribution (typically, the normal
approximation), while design-unadjusted confidence intervals can be calculated
using the exact binomial method. In our study, the design-unadjusted confidence
intervals were narrower than the design-adjusted confidence intervals, probably
due to the very low prevalence of positive tests (which violates the assumptions
required by the approximated method).

“As shown in Supplementary Table 2, the confidence intervals estimated in
strategy 2 are wider than in strategy 1, because the first were estimated using
an alternative strategy that attempted to mitigate the limitation of conventional
design-adjusted confidence interval estimation. However, since the interpretation
of the results does not change between strategies 1 and 2, we preferred strategy 1
over strategy 2 because the second is not an established method in the literature.

Not adjusting for validity estimates ofthe test. The testis an imperfect way of
measuring the true prevalence of infection. Given that the main interestis to
measure the true prevalence of infection, it is conceptually better to consider
prevalence estimates corrected for sensitivity and specificity as the primary result
instead of uncorrected estimates (that is, to use strategy 3 as the primary analytical
strategy). Although this is conceptually correct, some aspects of the present study
led to the decision of using strategy 1 as the primary one.

First, the test result is itself a valid and interpretable result (that is, it shows
the prevalence of positive tests rather than the prevalence of infection). Second,
pooled estimates of sensitivity and specificity of the test (estimated in >500
individuals each) were 85 and 99%, respectively. This indicates that the test validity
is quite high, especially for surveys aimed at estimating the prevalence in the
population rather than individual-level diagnosis. Third, the number of positives
in both surveys was substantially smaller than the expected number based on
the specificity estimated in previous validation studies, This suggests that the
specificity of the test may be even higher (very close to 100%); therefore, using
estimates from the existing validation studies would result in overcorrections
(some possible reasons for this are discussed in the main text). Indeed,
Supplementary Table 2 shows that corrections based on sensitivity and specificity
estimates from validation studies (strategies 4 and 5) yield prevalence estimates of
0%. Indeed, the untruncated estimates were negative, which is an impossible result.

Not weighting according to population size. Although none of the analytical
strategies incorporates weighting according to population size, it is important to
recognize that there are substantial differences in population size between the nine
cities included in the survey and that the number of interviews per city was fixed.
Therefore, one could argue that the primary results should be weighted according
to population size. Although this is a reasonable argument, the very small number
of positive cases in our survey renders the results very sensitive to the specific
choice of weights. In the case of weighting according to population size, the overall
results become drastically influenced by the results in Porto Alegre (which is the
capital and by far the largest city of the state), which is not a desirable property.

NATURE MEDICINE | wuw.nature.com/naturemedicine

The strong influence of weighting by population size can be seen in the
following results. In survey 1, out of the two positive tests, neither of them was in
Porto Alegre, which caused the weighting to reduce the prevalence from 0.048 to
0.027%. However, in survey 2, three out of six positive tests were in Porto Alegre,
causing the weighting to increase the prevalence from 0.133 to 0.309%. Moreover,
weighted estimates indicate that the prevalence reduced from survey 2 to survey
3 (for survey 3, the weighted prevalence estimate was 0.196%), which is not only
Imown to not be the case, but is also conceptually impossible (because repeated
surveys using serological tests measure the cumulative prevalence (that is, the
proportion of individuals who have been infected at some point in the past).
Although these are small absolute differences, they are large relative differences,
and produce time trends that are implausible.

Reporting Summary. Further information on research design is available in the
Nature Research Reporting Summary linked to this article,

Data availability

The dataset used to produce the analyses presented in this article is freely
available at http://www.rs.epicovid I9brasiLorg/banco-de-dados/ and from the
corresponding author upon request. Source data are provided with this paper.

References
19. Horta, B. L. et al. Cohort profile update: the 1982 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth
Cohort Study. Int J. Epidemiol, 44, 441 (2015).

20. Hallal, PC. et al. Evolução da prevalência de infecção por COVID-19 no Rio
Grande do Sul: inquéritos sorológicos seriados. Cien Saude Colet. 25,
2395-2401 (2020).

. Diggle, P.). Estimating prevalence using an imperfect test. Epidemiol, Res. Int.
2011, e608719 (2011).

22. R Core Development Team R: A Language and Environment for Statistical
Computing (R Foundation for Statistical Computing, 2018); https://
wwwR-project.org/

. Lumley, T. Analysis of complex survey samples. J. Stat. Sofiw. 9, 1-19 (2004).

. Lumley, T. survey: Analysis of complex survey samples. R package version
3.35-1 https://CRAN R-projectorg/package=survey (2019).

25. Viechtbauer, W. Conducting meta-analyses in R with the metafor package.

J. Stat. Softw. 36, 1-48 (2010).

2

2
2

eB

 

Acknowledgements

“This work was started through the Data Committee created by the State of Rio Grande
do Sul government to fight the COVID-19 pandemics. The tests used in the study
have been provided by the Brazilian Ministry of Health. Funding for data collection
was provided by UNIMED Porto Alegre, Instituto Cultural Ploresta and Instituto
Serrapilheira.

Author contributions

MES, AJD.B, BLH, LCP, O.AD, RPH, AMB.M, EC.B, RCH. and CG.
contributed to conception and design of the work, acquisition, analysis and
interpretation of the data, and writing of the draft of the manuscript. GD.V, CJS. and
MN. contributed to analysis and interpretation of the data. ARM, EMB, JM-M.,
MLRI, MAM, M.M, MM.D. and R.A.B. contributed to acquisition of the data. AM
authors approved the submitted version of the manuscript. AIl authors have also agreed
to be personally accountable for their own contributions and to ensure that questions
related to the accuracy or integrity of any part of the work— including parts they were
not personally involved with-—are appropriately investigated and resolved, and the
resolution documented in the literature.

Competing interests
“The authors declare no competing interests.

Additional information

Supplementary information is available for this paper at htt
s41591-020-0992-3,

Correspondence and requests for materials should be addressed to RC.H.

Peer review information Saheli Sadanand was the primary editor on this article and

managed its editorial process and peer review in collaboration with the rest of the
editorial team.

 

:JIdoi org/10.1038/

Reprints and permissions information is available at wwvenature.com/reprints.
nature research Corresponding author(s): PedroCHalal

Last updated by author(s): Jun 10, 2020

Reporting Summary

 

Nature Research wishes to improve the reproducibility of the work that we publish. This form provides structure for consistency and transparency
in reporting. For further information on Nature Research policies, see Authors & Referees and the Editorial Policy Checklist.

Statistics

 

For all statistical analyses, confirm that the following items are present in the figure legend, table legend, main text, or Methods section.
n/a | Confirmed

[ The exact sample size (n) for each experimental group/condition, given as a discrete number and unit of measurement

[]|X] A statement on whether measurements were taken from distinct samples or whether the same sample was measured repeatedly

O The statistical test(s) used AND whether they are one- or two-sided
24 Only common tests should be described solely by name; describe more complex techniques in the Methods section.

[ A description of all covariates tested
D A description of any assumptions or corrections, such as tests ofnormality and adjustment for multiple comparisons

O A full description of the statistical parameters including central tendency (e.g. means) or other basic estimates (e.g. regression coefficient)
&S AND variation (e.g. standard deviation) or associated estimates of uncertainty (e.g. confidence intervals)

O For null hypothesis testing, the test statistic (e.g. F, t, 1) with confidence intervals, effect sizes, degrees of freedom and P value noted
AN Give P values as exact values whenever suitable.

DI] For Bayesian analysis, information on the choice of priors and Markov chain Monte Carlo settings
DX]L] For hierarchical and complex designs, identification of the appropriate level for tests and full reporting of outcomes

[ Estimates of effect sizes (e.g. Cohen's d, Pearson's 1), indicating how they were calculated

Our web collection on statistics for biologists contains articles on many of the points above.

Software and code

 

Policy information about availability of computer code
Data collection GDS-coleta (Brazil) was used for data collection in the field with Android smartphones.

Data analysis All analyses were performed using R version 3.6.1 (https:/Awww.r-project.org/). The following R packages were used: metafor (https://
cran.r-project.org/package=metafor) and survey (https://cran.r-projectorg/package=survey).

For manuscripts utilizing custom algorithms or software that are central to the research but not yet described in published literature, sofuare must be made available to editors/reviewers
We strongly encourage code deposition in a community repository (e.g. GitHub). See the Nature Research guidelines for submitting code & sofnware for further information.

Data

 

Policy information about availability of data
AI manuscripts must include a data availability statement. This statement should provide the following information, where applicable:
- Accession codes, unique identifiers, or web links for publicly available datasets
- Alist of figures that have associated raw data
- A description of any restrictions on data availability

The dataset used to produce the analyses presented in this article is freely available at http://www epicovidi9brasil.org/

Field-specific reporting

 

Please select the one below that is the best fit for your research. If you are not sure, read the appropriate sections before making your selection.

Life sciences [] Behavioural & socialsciences [| | Ecological, evolutionary & environmental sciences

 
For a reference copy of the document with all sections, see nature.com/documents/nr-reporting-summary-flat, pdf

Life sciences study design

 

Allstudies must disclose on these points even when the disclosure is negative.

Sample size Sample size calculations were performed prior to data collection. The Statewide sample of 4,500 individuals allows estimating a prevalence
levels of 3% and 10% with margins of error of 0.5 and 1.0 percent points, respectively, based on a binomial distribution.

Data exclusions Two subjects with inconclusive test results were excluded from the analyses.

Replication Does not apply given that the COVID pandemic is evolving and it will not be possible to replicate the results in other settings or at another
point in time.

Randomization Does not apply (observational study)

Blinding The interviewers carried out the rapid test on all subjects, and could not be blinded as the test results had to be informed to the participants.

Reporting for specific materials, systems and methods

 

We require information from authors about some types of materials, experimental systems and methods used in many studies. Here, indicate whether each material,
system or method listed is relevant to your study. If you are not sure if a list item applies to your research, read the appropriate section before selecting a response

Materials & experimental systems Methods

n/a | Involved in the study n/a | Involved in the study
DJ] antibodies DI chir-sea

DXI|L] Eukaryotic cell lines DID] Flow cytometry

DID] Palacontology DD] mar-based neuroimaging
DS|L] animais and other organisms

Ú Human research participants

DID] clinical data

 

Human research participants

 

Policy information about studies involving human research participants

Population characteristics The study included 8,688 participants in two waves. Women represented 58.3% and 59.5% of participants in each age. Subject
under 20 years of age comprised 9.0% and 7.7% of participants in each age, and those over 60 years represented 30.1% and
31,4% in each wave. Full details are available in Table 1 in the manuscript.

Recruitment We used multistage sampling to select 50 census tracts with probability proportionate to size in each sentinel city, and 10
households at random in each tract based on census listings updated in 2019. AIlhousehold members were listed at the
beginning of the visit, and one individual was randomly selected through an app used for data collection. In terms of selection
bias, families where all individuals were not at home at the time of the visit were not included; in addition, the age distribution in
our sample suggests that children were more likely to refuse the test (fingerprick blood sample) and adults.

Ethics oversight Brazilian National Ethics Comittee (CONEP). Informed consent forms were signed by participants; in the case of minors, a parent
or legal guardian signed on behalf of the child or adolescent.

Note that full information on the approval of the study protocol must also be provided in the manuscript.

Feto a =(O

 
Rev Saude Publica. 202155:38

 

bitpz/Awwmersp.fsp.usp.br/

Correspondence:

Marilia Arndt Mesenburg

Rua Marechal Deodoro, 1160
96020-220 Pelotas, RS, Brasil
E-mail: matiliaepie gmail.com

Received: Mar 18, 2021
Approved: Mar 23, 2021

How to cite: Mesenburg MA,
Hallal PC, Menezes AMB,
Barros AJD, Horta BL, Barros
FC, etal. Chronic

Brazil results. Rev Saude Publica.
2021;55:38.
https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-
8787.202 1055003673

 

 

is an open-access
article distributed under the
terms of the Creative Commons
Attribution License, which permits
unrestricted use, distribution, and
reproduction in any medium,
provided that the original author
and source are credited.

 

 

Original Article

Revista de
Saúde Pública

Chronic non-communicable diseases and
COVID-19: EPICOVID-19 Brazil results

Marilia Arndt Mesenburg!! (5), Pedro Curi Hallal! (5), Ana Maria Baptista Menezes! (5), Aluísio
J D Barros! (5), Bemardo Lessa Horta! (5), Femando Celso de Barros! (5), Fernando Pires
Hartwig! (D), Nadêge Jacques! (5), Mariangela Freitas da Silveir

 

 

! Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Programa de Pós-Graduação em Epidemiologia. Pelotas, RS, Brasil.
! Universidade Federal de Ciências da Saúde de Porto Alegre. Departamento de Saúde Coletiva. Porto Alegre,
R$, Brasil.

 

ABSTRACT

OBJECTIVE: Describing the prevalence of chronic diseases and associated socioeconomic
and demographic factors, evaluating the patterns of social distancing and the antibodies
prevalence against SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19 symptoms in carriers and non-carriers of
chronic diseases.

METHODS: Data from 77,075 individuals aged 20 to 59 from three steps of the EPICOVID-19
Brazil (a nationwide serological survey conducted between May and June, 2021) were assessed.
The presence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 was examined by rapid tests. Self-reported
prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, asthma, cancer, chronic kidney disease and heart disease
were investigated. The prevalence of maskuse, adherence to isolation measures and antibodies
were evaluated separately amid carriers andnon-carriers of chronic diseases. The prevalence of
symptoms was analyzed among carriers and non-carriers of chronic diseases with antibodies.

RESULTS: The prevalence of at least one chronic disease was 43%, higher in the Southeast region,
among white and indigenous individuals, women, less schooled and in lower socioeconomic
position. The use of masks when leaving home was similar among carriers and non-carriers
of chronic diseases (98%). The proportion of participants who reported adherence to isolation
measures was higher amid carriers (15.9%) than non-carriers (24.9%) of chronic diseases. The
prevalence of antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 was similar amongst carriers and non-carriers (2.4%
and 2.39%). The prevalence of cough, dyspnea, palpitations and myalgia was significantly higher
among carriers, but the proportion of symptomatic patients was similar between groups.

CONCLUSION: The prevalence of chronic diseases in Brazil is high and the COVID-19
pandemic affects carriers and non-carriers of chronic diseases similarly. Carriers present
more severe forms of COVID-19 and higher prevalence of symptoms. Greater adherence to
social distancing measures among chronic patients is disassociated from a lower incidence of
COVID-9 in this group.

DESCRIPTORS: Coronavirus Infections, epidemiology. Noncommunicable Diseases.
Socioeconomic Factors. Health Surveys.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673 "
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

INTRODUCTION

By early April, 2021, about 132 million COVID-19 confirmed cases and 3 million deaths were
accounted worldwide, The Americas and Europe comprise most of the confirmed cases. Even
though Brazil accounts for approximately 3% of the global population, it comprises 10% of
all cases and deaths worldwide, COVID-19 mortality depends not only on the number of
incident cases, but also on population factors such as age structure and comorbidity burden
connected to the development of severe forms of the disease”,

Since the beginning of the pandemic, chronic non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such
as high blood pressure, diabetes, respiratory diseases and cardiovascular diseases have
been associated with the greater severity and COVID-19 lethality?*. A meta-analysis
including eight studies on the association between NCDs and COVID-19 severity showed
that chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) was the strongest predictor of severe
forms of COVID-19 (odds ratio [OR] = 6.4; 95%CI 2.4-16.9), followed by cardiovascular
disease (OR = 2.7, 95%CI 1.5-4.8) and hypertension (OR = 1.9;95%CI 1.4-2.7). Hospitalization
in intensive care units was even more strongly associated with COPD, cardiovascular
disease and hypertension, with OR of 17.8 (95%CI 6.5-48.2), 4.4 (95%CI 2.6-7.4) and 3.6
(95%CI 2.2-5.9)', respectively. Another meta-analysis evaluated specifically the connection
between diabetes and COVID-19 severity or lethality, finding a positive association (OR 2.16;
95%CI 1:74-2.68)º. Chronickidney disease, cancer, asthma, liver diseases and HIV/AIDS are
also related to unfavorable outcomes of COVID-19 infections*.

Due to the demographic and epidemiological transition in progress, Brazil displays a
highload of NCDs”*, The prevalence of obesity and physical inactivity, crucial risk factors
for these morbidities, is also high*?. This scenario is alarming in the Brazilian COVID-19
pandemic context, as it increases the risk of severe cases in a country with an elevated
incidence, Therefore, the assessment of the panorama of NCDs associated with COVID-19
infection in Brazil is fundamental, This study aims at describing the prevalence of NCDs
and associated socioeconomic and demographic factors, in addition to evaluating the
patterns of social distancing and the prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 among
carriers and non-carriers of NCDs, as well as the symptom occurrence among individuals
with antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 carrying and not carrying NCDs,

METHODS

Weanalyzed data from EPICOVID-19 Brazil, a series ofnational serological surveys carried
out aiming at evaluating the magnitude, evolution and characteristics of the pandemic,
The most populous city of each of the 133 geographical intermediate regions, according
to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE), were selected to take part
in the study. Multiple stage sampling was carried out in each city, having the 2010IBGE's
urban census sectors as primary sampling units. We selected 25 sectors with probability
proportional to size in each city. In each sector, 10 households were systematically
selected. In each household, a resident was drawn and invited to participatein thestudy.
In case of refusal, a second resident was drawn. If the second resident had also refused,
the interviewers would have approached the next household, immediately on the right.
The same replacement procedure was adopted if the selected household was empty or
did not open the door to the interviewer. All refusals and substitutions were recorded
by the field team.

Each participant answered a questionnaire on socioeconomic and demographic
characteristics, social distancing, mask use, presence of COVID-19 symptoms, previous
diagnosis of NCDs, among others. Participants underwent the WONDFO SARS-CoV-2
rapid Antibody Test (Wondfo Biotech Co. Guangzhou, China), which detects the presence
of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 (IgG and IgM). The test was previously validated by
the responsible research team'º:!!, The interviewers received standardized training on the

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

questionnaire application, rapid test administration, and results analysis. All positive rapid
tests and 20% of the negative ones were evaluated by a second observer, EPICOVID-19
Brazil's detailed methodology was previously published”,

Data were collected in three EPICOVID-19 Brazil stages, conducted from May 14 to 21
(n = 25,025), from June 4to 7 (n = 31,165) and from June 21 to 24 (n = 33,207), 2020. The
analyses here were restricted to adults aged 20 or older,

To assess the existence of chronic diseases, patients were asked if they had ever been
diagnosed with hypertension, diabetes, asthma, cancer, chronic kidney disease and heart
disease (“yes” or “no”), Individuals who reported a diagnosis of one or more NCDs were
considered carriers of NCDs and will be mentioned in this way throughout the text.

The presence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 was evaluated by the rapid test results:
when the result was positive, the individual was considered to have antibodies against
the virus. Mask use was assessed by the question “Do you wear a mask when you leave
your house?” (“yes”, “no” or “T do not leave my house”), Adherence to social distancing was
assessed by the following questions:

* “How much of the social distancing guidelines recommended by health authorities
(i e, staying at home and avoiding contact with other people) do you follow?” (“very
little”, “little”, “more or less”, “quite a lot” or “mostly isolated from everyone”);

* “How has your daily routine been?” ( stay at home all the time”, leave my house
only for essential things, such as buying food”, go out from time to time to shop and
stretch my legs”, “ leave my house every day for some activity”, go out every day, all
day, to work or to do other regular activities”);

* “Thinking about the household routine, who has been attending the house?” (only family
members who live together, if any, and no one else”, “some close relatives visit once to
twice a week”, “some close relatives visit almost every day”, “friends, relatives or others
visit onceto twice a week”, “friends, relatives or others visit almost every day”).

To assess the presence of COVID-19 symptoms, participants were asked if they had the
following symptoms: fever, cough, sore throat, changes in smellor taste, myalgia, twitching,
headache, breathing difficulties, palpitation, diarrhea and vomiting. Participants who
reported the occurrence of at least one symptom were considered symptomatic. The recall
period of questions about symptoms differed between the stages of EPICOVID-19 Brazil.
The first two stages evaluated the occurrence of symptoms in the 15 days prior to the
interview and the third stage evaluated the period from March 2020 to the interview date.
Since antibodies against SARS-Cov-2 become detectable in the rapid test about 15 days after
infection, the analysis on the occurrence of symptoms was restricted to the participants
ofthe third stage,

The evaluated socioeconomic and demographic variables were geographic region (North,
Northeast, Southeast, South or Midwest), self-reported skin color (white, black, brown,
yellow or indigenous), gender (female or male), age (in categories) and schooling levels
(elementary school, highschool or higher education). To assess the socioeconomic position
of households, the National Economic Indicator (IEN) was used. This index was created
bythe analysis ofmain components based on a set of household characteristics and goods
(computer, internet access, color television, air conditioning, motor vehicles, cable television,
number of rooms used for sleeping and number of bathrooms). The first component was
extracted and divided into quintiles. The first quintile represents the poorest 20% and the
fifth quintile, the richest 20%",

Theanalyses included the sample description and the prevalence calculation of each NCD
and the prevalence of carriers of NCDs. The prevalence of carriers of NCDs was assessed
according to region, skin color, gender, age, IEN and schooling levels. The prevalence

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

Table 1. Sociodemographic characteristics and prevalence of chronic non-communicable diseases at
the EPICOVID-19 Brazil study, stages 1 to 3 (n = 77,075).

 

% (95 %CI)

 

Description of sample characteristics
Region
North
Northeast
Southeast
South
Mid-west
Skin color
White
Brown
Black
Yellow
Indigenous
Gender
Male
Female
Age
20-29
30-39
40-49
50-59
60-69
70-79
IEN (in quintiles)
The poorest
2
3
4
The richest
Schooling levels
Elementary school
High school
Higher education
Antibodies against SARS-Cov-2
Yes
Prevalence of chronic diseases
Hypertension
Diabetes
Asthma
Cancer
Kidney disease
Heart disease
Number of chronic diseases reported
None
One
Two
Three

Four or more

13,075
23,033
19,359
13,112
8,496

28,387
33,732
10,030
2,132
1,046

31,239
45,836

13,796
13,726
14,129
14,273
12,062
9,126

18,106
14,161
14,748
14,909
15,143

30,876
28,315
17,013

1,824

23,575
9,842
7,266
2,307
3,128
6,354

42,246
20,521
9,164
2,985
827

16.8 (16.5-17.2)
29.6 (29.1-30.1)
25.3 (24.8-25.8)
17.3 (16.8-17.8)
11.0 (10.7-11.4)
37.8(37.2-383)
44.8 (44.4-45.3)
13.3 (12.9-13.6)
2.8(2.7-29)
1.4(1,3-1,5)

40.5 (40.2-40.9)
59.5 (59.1-59.8)

18.3 (18.0-18.6)
18.2 (17.9-18.5)
18.5 (18.2-18.8)
18.5 (18.2-18.8)
15.3 (15.1-15.6)

(

111 (10.9-11.4)

22.7 (22.2-23.2)
18.2 (17.9-18.5)
19.3 (18.9-19.6)
19.7 (19.3-20.0)
20.2 (19.6-20.8)

39.5 (38.9-40.1)
37.7 (37.3-38.1)
22.8 (22.2-23.4)

23(2.2-25)

30.0 (29.6-30.3)
12.5 (12.2-12.7)
9.4(9.2-9.6)
3.0(2.8-3.1)
4.0(3.8-4.1)
8.1(7.9-83)

56.2 (55.8-56.6)

27.0 (26.6-27.3)

11.9 (11.6-12.1)
3.9(3.7-4.0)
T(11-12)

 

95%CI: 95% confidence interval; IEN: Indicador Econômico Nacional (National Economic Indicator).

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673 PES
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

of mask use and adherence to social isolation measures, as well as the prevalence of
individuals with antibodies against SARS-Cov-2, were calculated separately for carriers
and non-carriers of NCDs, Finally, the prevalence of symptoms for COVID-19 between
carriers and non-carriers of NCDs with antibodies against SARS-Cov-2 was calculated,
For all proportions, 95% confidence intervals were calculated. We obtained p-values
by a Chi-square test for heterogeneity or, for ordinal categorical variables, linear trend,
considering a significance level of 5%. All analyses were conductedin Stata 16, considering
the effect of sample design.

This study respected all the ethical precepts and legislation governing research with
human beings and was approved by the National Commission for Research Ethics (CAAE
30721520.7.1001,5313). All participants signed the informed consent form.

Table 2. Prevalence of one or more chronic non-communicable diseases, according to socioeconomic
and demographic characteristics at the EPICOVID-19 Brazil study, stages 1 to 3 (n = 77,075).

% (95 %CI)

 

 

Region p<0.007
North 37.6 (36.7-38.4)
Northeast 42.2 (41.5-42.9)
Southeast 48.4 (47.6-49.2)
South 47.9 (46.9-48.9)
Mid-west 44.8 (43.6-45.9)

Skin color p<0.007
White 46.9 (46.3-47.5)
Brown 41.4 (40.9-42.0)
Black 44.3 (43.2-45.3)
Yellow 42.8 (40.7-44.9)
Indigenous 47.2 (44.1-50.3)

Gender p<0.001:
Male 39.5 (38.9-40.1)
Female 47.4 (47.0-47.9)

Age p< 0.001
20-29 18.8 (18.2-19.5)
30-39 23.6 (22.9-243)
40-49 36.7 (35.8-37.5)
50-59 53.9 (53.1-54.8)
60-69 69.0 (68.1-69.8)
70 or older 78.3 (77.5-79.2)

IEN (in quintiles) p< 0.001
The poorest 47.7 (46.9-48.4)
2 45.3 (44.5-462)
3 43.3 (42.5-441)
4 421 (41.3-43.0)

The richest 42.1 (41.3-42.9)
Schooling levels p<0.001º
Elementary school 57.0 (56.4-57.6)
High school 35.6 (35.0-36.2)
Higher education 35.0 (34.2-35.7)

 

95%CI: 95% confidence interval; IEN: Indicador Econômico Nacional (National Economic Indicator).
* Chi-square test of heterogeneity.
? Linear trend test.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

RESULTS

We analyzed EPICOVID-19 Brazil's data from 77,075 participants aged 20 or older. Most
were female (59%) and non-white (62%). About a quarter were older adults (aged 60 or older),
Around 40% ofthe participants reported having attended elementary school (39%) and lived
in the region. Consideringthethreestages of the study, the crude proportion of participants
with antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 was 2,3% (959%CI 2.3-2,5), Circa 45% of those reported
carrying one or more NCDs, The most prevalent NCDs were arterial hypertension (30%),
followed by diabetes (13%), asthma (9%) and heart disease (8%) (Table 1).

Table 2 shows the prevalence of one or more NCDs according to socioeconomic and
demographic characteristics. The prevalence was higher in the Southeast and South (489%),
among indigenous people (47%), women (47%) and individuals with lower schooling levels
(579%). The prevalence of one or more NCDs presented an inverse relationship with age and
quintiles of the IEN. All differences were statistically significant (p-value < 0.001).

The results on social distancingare presentedin Table 3. Around 25% ofindividuals carrying
one or more NCDs reported being isolated from virtually everyone. Among non-carriers,
this percentage was 15%. Regarding the daily activities, 13% ofthose with one or more NCDs
reported leaving their houses every day to work, while among those without NCDs this
proportion was 25%. Both among carriers and non-carriers, the proportion that reported
that only the residents themselves attended the household was approximately 50%. Ahigher
proportion of carriers with one or more NCDs reported receiving close relatives (44%) when
compared to non-carriers (39%).

Except for individuals who reported a diagnosis ofcancer, the differences in the prevalence
of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 between carriers and non-carriers ofNCDs were minimal
(Table 4). Table 5 shows the prevalence of COVID-19 symptoms among individuals with
antibodies against SARS-CoV-2, both carriers and non-carriers of NCDs. Carriers of one or

Table 3. Social distancing and mask use between carriers and non-carriers of chronic non-communicable diseases (NCDs) at the EPICOVID-19
Brazil study, stages 1 to 3 (n = 77,075).

 

 

Non-carriers of Carrier of one or
=” NCDs =” more NCDs p:
% (95 %CI) % (95% CI)
Adherence to insolation
Very little 3,740 8.9 (8.6-9.2) 2112 6.3 (6.1-6.6) <0.001
Little 4,449 10.6(10.3-10.9) 2.621 7.9 (7.6-8.2)
More or less 11,637  27.7(27.2-28.1) 7.533 22.6(22.2-23.1)
Quite a lot 15,510 36.9(364-374) 12.706 38.2 (37.6-38.8)
Isolated 6,686  15.9(15.5-163) 8.300 24.9 (24.5-25.4)
Daily activities
Stays at home all the time 4,983 11.8(11.5-122) 7.930 23.7(23.3-242)  <0.001
Leaves only for essential things like buying food 19,676 46.7(46.2-472) 16482 49.3 (48.8-49.9)
Leaves from time to time for shopping and stretch the legs 4144 9.8(9.5-10.1) 314 9.3 (9.0-9.7)
Leaves every day for some activity 2,884 6.8 (6.6-7.1) 1.546 4.6 (4.4-4.9)
Leaves every day. all day. to work or other regular activity 10,440 24.8(24.3-253) 4.341 13.0(12.6-13.4)
People who attend the house
Only family members who live together. if any. and no one else 20,903  49.9(49.3-50.5) 15.354  46.3(45.6-46.9)  <0.001
Some close relatives visit once or twice a week 13,349  31.9(31.4-324) 11,585 34.9(34.4-35,5)
Some close relatives visit almost every day 2,993 7.1 (6.9-7.4) 3.064 9.2 (8.9-9.6)
Relatives or other people visit once to twice a week 2,895 6.9 (6.7-7.2) 1.978 6.0 (5.7-6.2)
Relatives or other people visit almost every day 1,738 42 (3.9-4.4) 1.208 3.6 (3.4-3.9)
Mask use outside the house 41,341  98.0(97.8-98.1) 32.537 97.2(97.0-97.3)  <0.001

 

95%CI: 95% confidence interval.
* Chi-square test of heterogeneity.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673 E
Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

Table 4. Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 between carriers and non-carriers of chronic
non-communicable diseases (NCDs) at the EPICOVID-19 Brazil study, stages 1 to 3.

 

 

 

NCDs = mm PR (95%CD: P
n % (95 %CI) n % (95% CI)

Hypertension 1,263 24(22-2,5) 552 23(2.1-2.6) 1.0 (0.9-1.1) 0.797
Diabetes 1,542 23(22-24) 265 2.7 (24-30) 1.2 (1.0-1.3) 0.019
Asthma 1,664 24(23-2.5) 154 2.1(1.8-2.5) 0.9 (0.8-1.0) 0.148
Cancer 1,794 24(23-2,5) 22 1.0 (0.6-1.4) 0.4(0.3-0.6) | <0.001
Kidney disease 1,732 24(2. 82 2.6 (2.1-3.3) 1.1(0.9-1.4) 0.332
Heart disease 1710 24(2. 101 1.6 (1.3-1.9) 0.7(0.5-0.8) | <0.001
Oneormore NCDs 1,009  24(22-26) 769 23(2.1-2.5) 1.0 (0.9-1.1) 0.403

 

95%CI: 95% confidence interval; PR: prevalence ratio.
* Reference: non-carriers of chronic diseases.

Table 5. Prevalence of self-reported symptoms among individuals with antibodies against SARS-CoV-2
with and without chronic non-communicable diseases (NCDs) at the EPICOVID-19 Brazil study, Step 3.

 

 

Non-carriers of NCDs Carriers of NCDs
Symptom DO LN TI TT PR(95%WCIR p*

n %o (95% CI) n % (95%CI)
Fever 242 — 50.8(45.6-56.0) 196  55.2(49.3-61.0) 0.9 (0.9-1.2) 0.212
Sore thhroat 174 366(319-41.5) 124  34.9(29.6-406) 1.0 (0.8-1.2) 0.629
Cough 214 45.1(402-50.0) 202  56.6(50.7-623) 13 (11-1.5) 0.001
Dyspnea MT 234(194-27.8) 107 301 (248-35.9) 1.3 (1.0-1.6) 0.030
Palpitations 80 169(134-21.1) 103  29.1(24.0-34.8) 1.7 (1.3-2.3) 0.381
Anosmia 285 — 600(55.0-64.8) 223  63.0(57.3-683) 1.1 (0.9-1.2) 0.381
Diarrhea 137  288(243-33.7) 108  303(25.1-360) 1.1 (0.8-1.3) 0.645
Vomiting 36 7.6 (5.4-10.6) 36 10.1 (6.9-14.4) 1.3 (0.8-2.2) 0.203
Myalgia 233 469(422-51.8) 192  54.4(48.4-603) 1.2 (1.0-1.3) 0.034
Twitching 90 19.1(15.2-23.7) 104 29.2 (04.3-34.7) 1.5 (1.1-2.0) 0.001
Headache 295 — 620(57.0-66.7) 202  56.6(50.8-62.2) 0.9 (0.8-1.0) 0.116
Symptomatic 403  869(83.2-89.8) 313 90.0 (86.5-941) 11 (1.0-1.1) 0.067

 

95%CI: 95% confidence interval; PR: prevalence ratio.
* Reference: non-carriers of chronic diseases.
* Chi-square test of heterogeneity.

more NCDs reported 50% more twitching occurrences than non-carriers, in addition a to
a 26% and 29% higher occurrence of coughing and dyspnea, respectively. Myalgia was 16%
more prevalent among carriers of NCDs. The prevalence of the other evaluated symptoms
and the proportion of asymptomatic individuals were statistically similar,

DISCUSSION

Our results showed that Brazil has a high burden of chronic diseases. Despite greater
adherence to social distancing measures among carriers of NCDs, the prevalence of
antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 was similar between groups.

Each morbidity assessed here depicted a higher prevalence when compared to the National
Health Survey results, in which 21% of participants reported a diagnosis of hypertension !*
(versus 30% in the present study), 6.2% of diabetes" (versus 13%), 4.4% of asma! (versus
9%), 1.8% of cancer” (versus 3%), 1.4% of chronic kidney disease!* (versus 4%) and 4,2%
heart disease“(versus 8%). The results were also higher than the 2018 VIGITEL ones, which
estimated self-reported prevalence diagnosis of hypertension and diabetes of 25% and
89%, res pectively*. The higher prevalence ofNCDs evidenced here is possibly related to the

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

high percentage of people aged 60 or older in the sample (26%), higher than the percentage
of this group among Brazilians in general (14%). As shown in Table 2 and corroborated by
other studies, the prevalence of NCDs increases with age”.

There are two probable reasons for the higher proportion of older adults in this study
comparedto the rest ofthe population, Possibly because of the pandemic, most of the older
adults livingin the households included in the sample were present at the time ofthe study,
unlike younger people. A population-based study on social distancing patterns conducted
in Rio Grande do Sul showed that older adults are more likely to stay home or leave their
houses only for essential activities (80%) than individuals aged between 20 and 59 (60%).
Another relevant aspect is that we assessed 133 sentinel cities, which are more populous,
have a higher Human Development Index and greater access to health services than the
cities excluded from the study. Because of those characteristics, residents of these cities
tendto live longer, so the proportion of older adults tends to be higher.

The mask use and physical distancing drastically reduce the transmission of COVID-19,
The percentage of participants who reported wearing a mask when leaving home was
almost universal in both groups (98%). However, we must consider an information bias when
interpretingthe results. Knowing the legal requirements of mask use during the pandemic,
participants might have reported that they always use masks because this is the correct
behavior in the current context.

Carriers of NCDs reported greater adherence to social isolation and universal mask use
when leaving home, Nevertheless, the prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in
this group was similar to that evidenced among non-carriers of NCDs. This may suggest
the occurrence of intra-household transmission of COVID-19, since the proportion of
participants who are visited by close relatives and friends was about 50% in both groups.
COVID-19 transmission in clusters, especially family ones, plays an important role in the
rapid spread ofthe disease””, The almost universal mask use outside the house is probably
rejected at home. Thus, family members who adhere less to isolation and, therefore, present
similarinfection levels to those evidenced among non-carriers of NCDs would contaminate
the carrier ones. However, the adoption of preventive measures such as wearinga mask and
physical distancing at home, as well as in-house social distancing, was not evaluated in
this study, which prevents us from formally testing this hypothesis. Besides, as previously
mentioned, mask use might be overestimated or masks may be worn incorrectly. We must
also consider reverse causation. Participants with antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 may have
switched to wearing a mask after experiencing COVID-19.

The analysis on the symptom prevalence was restricted to individuals with antibodies
against SARS-CoV-2. Among the evaluated COVID-19 symptoms, the prevalence of
cough, dyspnea, myalgia and twitching was higher among carriers of NCDs than among
non-carriers. Despite the higher prevalence of these symptoms among carriers of NCDs,
we must consider an eventual non-responder bias, COVID-19 tends to evolve into severe
forms in carriers ofNCDs?-, and severe cases tend to leave after-effects even months after
the disease”, Therefore, carriers of NCDs possibly developed severe forms of the disease
with prolonged after-effects and presented a higher refusal rate, which may have decreased
the difference in the symptom prevalence amid groups. In addition, COVID-19 mortality
among carriers of NCDs is higher when compared to non-carriers. Hence, participants
with a positive result on the rapid test here may represent, to some extent, surviving cases.

This study has other limitations. We assessed data from 133 sentinel cities, whicharemore
developed, have a better health services structure and higher Human Development Index
than the cities excluded from the sample. We excluded residents of rural areas, which
correspond to 15% of the country's population. We ignored the adoption of protective
behaviors, such as mask use and physical distancing during the interaction with close
acquaintances, as well as adherence to distancing recommendations during dailyin-house
activities. The evaluation of self-reported symptoms may have introduced classification

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673 E
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

bias. However, we revealed the rapid test results only at the end of the interview, so the
participants were blind to them while answering the questionnaire. This possibly decreased
the bias likelihood,

The strengths of this study include: its national scope, being one of the world's largest
COVID-19 serological surveys in samplesize and territorial coverage carried out so far; the
blinding of participants about the test results; and the multidimensional character of the
research, which evaluates both seroprevalence and several individual aspects related to
COVID-19, such as the presence of comorbidities, adoption of preventive measures against
COVID-19 and symptom occurrence.

The results here improve the understanding of the pandemic dynamics in Brazil, where
the NCDs burden, as well as incidence and mortality due to COVID-19 are high. Since 2016
Brazil has been suffering from fiscal austerity policies, which constricted the Unified Health
System (SUS). Consequently, the supply and quality of actions and services decreased,
compromising the health ofa large portion of Brazilians who depend on it”, Combined with
this context, the absence of a national policy to deal with COVID-19 based on scientific
evidence“? contributes substantially to Brazil being placed among the top countries at

the global ranking of new infections and deaths from the disease!

The pandemic control in Brazil requires large-scale immunization of the population.
Immunization against COVID-19 in Brazil began in mid-January 2021, firstly applied to
health professionals working on the front line against the virus, Carriers of NCDs are part
of the third priority group at the Brazilian Ministry of Health's National Inmunization
Plan?s, Despite having one of the largest and most efficient immunization networks in the
world, vaccination in Brazil is still incipient and the country currently ranks 78th in the
world ranking of countries with the highest number of citizens vaccinated against the
disease (10.3 /100 inhabitants)?, The immunization of NCDs carriers lacks a prediction.

In conclusion, the prevalence of chronic diseases in Brazil is high and the COVID-19
pandemic affects carriers and non-carriers of chronic diseases similarly. Carriers of
NCDs present more severe forms of COVID-19 and higher symptom prevalence, Greater
adherence to social distancing measures among carriers of NCDs is disassociated from a
lower incidence of COVID-19 in this group. More than ever, we must stimulate protective
measures such as physical distancing and wearing a mask at home in this group.

REFERENCES

1. World Health Organization. WHO Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Dashboard. Geneva;
2021 [cited 2021 Feb 1]. Available from: https://covid19.who.int/

2. Gold MS, Sehayek D, Gabrielli S, Zhang X, McCusker C, Ben-Shoshan M. COVID-19 and
comorbidities: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Postgrad Med. 2020;132(8):749-55.
https://doi.org/10.1080/00325481.2020.1786964

3. Wang Z, Deng H, Ou C, Liang ), Wang Y, Jiang M, et al. Clinical symptoms, comorbidities
and complications in severe and non-severe patients with COVID-19: a systematic review
and meta-analysis without cases duplication. Medicine (Baltimore). 2020;99(48):23327.
https://doi.org/10.1097/MD.0000000000023327

4. JainV, Yuan JM. Predictive symptoms and comorbidities for severe COVID-19 and intensive care
unit admission: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Int J Public Health. 2020;65(5):533-46.
https://doi.org/10.1007/500038-020-01390-7

5. Kumar A, Arora A, Sharma P, Anikhindi SA, Bansal N, Singla V, etal. Is diabetes mellitus
associated with mortality and severity of COVID-192 A meta-analysis. Diabetes Metab Syndr.
2020;14(4):535-45. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2020.04.044

6. Ssentongo P, Ssentongo AE, Heilbrunn ES, Ba DM, ChinchilliVM, Ba DM. Association
of cardiovascular disease and 10 other pre-existing comorbidities with COVID-19
mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis. PloS One. 2020;15(8):e0238215.
https:/doi.org/10.137 1/journal.pone.0238215

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

20.

Mn

22.

23.

- Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística, Diretoria de Pesquisas, Coordenação

de Trabalho e Rendimento. Pesquisa Nacional de Saúde. 2013: percepção do estado de saúde,
estilos de vida e doenças crônicas: Brasil, grandes regiões e unidades da federação. Rio de
janeiro: IBGE; 2014.

. Ministério da Saúde (BR), Secretaria de Vigilância em Saúde, Departamento de Análise em

Saúde e Vigilância de Doenças não Transmissíveis. Vigitel Brasil 201 8: vigilância de fatores de
risco e proteção para doenças crônicas por inquérito telefônico nas capitais dos 26 estados
brasileiros e no Distrito Federal em 2018. Brasília, DF; 2019.

. World Health Organization. Noncommunicable diseases country profiles 2018. Geneva:

WHO; 2018 [cited 2021 Feb 18]. Available from: https:/Avww.who.int/nmh/publications/ned-
profiles-2018/en/

. Pellanda LC, Ros Wendland EM, McBride AJA, Tovo-Rodrigues L, Ferreira MRA,

Dellagostin OA, et al. Sensitivity and specificity of a rapid test for assessment of exposure
to SARS-CoV-2 in a community-based setting in Brazil. medRxiv [Preprint]. 2020.
https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.05.06.20093476

. Silveira MF, Mesenburg MA, Dellagostin OA, Oliveira NR, Maia MAC, Santos FDS, etal.

Time-dependent decay of detectable antibodies against SARS-CoV-2: a comparison of
ELISA with two batches of a lateral-flow test [Preprint]. Rochester, NY: SSRN; 2021.
https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3757411

. Hallal PC, Barros FC, Silveira MF, Barros AJD, Dellagostin OA, Pellanda LC, et al. EPICOVID-19

protocol: repeated serological surveys on SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in Brazil. Cienc Saude
Coletiva. 2020;25(9):3573-8. https://doi.org/10.1590/1413-81232020259.25532020

. Barros AJD, Victora CG. A nationwide wealth score based on the 2000

Brazilian demographic census. Rev Saude Publica. 2005;39(4):523-9.
https://doi.org/10.1590/50034-89102005000400002

. Malta DC, Gonçalves RPF, Machado IE, Freitas MIF, Azeredo C, Szwarcwald CL.

Prevalence of arterial hypertension according to different diagnostic criteria
National Health Survey. Rev Bras Epidemiol. 2018;21 Supl 1:e180021.
https://doi.org/10.1590/1980-549720180021..supl.1

. Malta DC, Bernal RTI, Iser BPM, Szwarcwald CL, Duncan BB, Schmidt MI. Factors associated

with self-reported diabetes according to the 2013 National Health Survey. Rev Saude Publica.
2017;51 Supl 1:12s. https://doi.org/doi:10.1590/51518-8787.2017051000011

. Menezes AMB, Wehrmeister FC, Horta B, Szwarcwald CL, Vieira ML, Malta DC. Prevalence

of asthma medical diagnosis among Brazilian adults: National Health Survey, 2013. Rev Bras
Epidemiol. 2015;18 Supl 2:204-13. https://doi.org/10.1590/1980-5497201500060018

. Oliveira MM, Malta DC, Guauche H, Moura L, Silva GA. Estimated number of people

diagnosed with cancer in Brazil: data from the National Health Survey, 2013. Rev Bras
Epidemiol. 2015;18 Supl 2:146-57. https://doi.org/doi:10.1590/1980-5497201500060013

.. Aguiar LK, Prado RR, Gazzinelli A, Malta DC. Factors associated with chronic kidney disease:

epidemiological survey of the National Health Survey. Rev Bras Epidemiol. 2020;23:e200044.
https://doi.org/10.1590/1980-549720200044

. Gonçalves RPF, Haikal DS, Freitas MIF, Machado IE, Malta DC. Self-reported medical diagnosis

of heart disease and associated risk factors: National Health Survey. Rev Bras Epidemiol.
2019;22 Supl 2:E190016. https://doi.org/10.1590/1980-549720190016 .supl.2

Barros AJD, Victora CG, Menezes AMB, Horta BL, Hartwig F Victora G, et al. Social distancing
patterns in nine municipalities of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil: the Epicovid19/RS study. Rev Saude
Publica. 2020;54:75. https://doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810

. Chu DK, AkLEA, Duda S, Solo K, Yaacoub S, Schinemann HJ; COVID-19 Systematic

Urgent Review Group Effort (SURGE) study authors. Physical distancing, face masks,
and eye protection to prevent person-to-person transmission of SARS-CoV-2 and
COVID-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Lancet. 2020;395(10242):1973-87.
https://doi.org/10.1016/50140-6736(20)31142-9

Wang Z, Ma W, Zheng X, Wu G, Zhang R. Household transmission of SARS-CoV.2. ) Infec.
2020;81(1):179-82. https://doi.org/10.1016/) jinf.2020.03.040

LiuT, Gong D, Xiao ), Hu), He G, Rong Z, etal. Cluster infections play important roles in the
rapid evolution of COVID-19 transmission: a systematic review. Int ) Infect Dis. 2020;99:374-80.
hitps:/doi.org/10.101 64. ijid.2020.07.073

 

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673 o
RSP

Chronic Diseases and COVID-19 in Brazil Mesenburg MA et al.

 

24. Huang C, Huang L, Wang Y, LiX, Ren L, Gu X, etal. 6-month consequences of COVID-19
in patients discharged from hospital: a cohort study. Lancet. 2021;397(10270):220-32.
https:/doi.org/10.1016/50140-6736(20)32656-8

25. Malta DC, Duncan BB, Barros MBA, Katikireddi SV, Souza FM, Silva AG, et al. Fiscal austerity
measures hamper noncommunicable disease control goals in Brazil. Cienc Saude Coletiva.
2018;23(10):31 15-22. https:/doi.org/10.1590/1413-812320182310.25222018

26. The Lancet. COVID-19 in Brazil: “So what?”. Lancet. 2020;395(10235):1461.
https://doi.org/10.1016/50140-6736(20)31095-3

27. Hallal PC. SOS Brazil: science under attack. Lancet. 2021;397(10272):373-4.
https://doi.org/ 10.1016/50140-6736(21)00141-0

28. Ministério da Saúde (BR). Plano Nacional de Imunização contra COVID-19. Brasília, DF; 2020.

29. Global Change Data Lab. Our World in Data: Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccinations. Oxford
(UK); 2021 [cited 2021 Apr 6]. Available from: https://ourworldindata,org/covid-vaccinations

 

Funding: This study was fundedby the Brazilian Ministry of Health, Instituto Serrapilheira, Associação Brasileira
de Saúde Coletiva and JBS Fazer o Bem Faz Bem.

 

Authors” Contril : Study design and planning:PCH, AMBM, AJDB, BLH, FCB, FPH, MES. Study execution:
MAM, PCH, AMBM, AJDB, BLH, FCB, FPH, NJ. MFS. Data analysis and interpretation: MAM. Manuscript writing
MAM. Critical review of the manuscript: PCH, AMBM, AJDB, BLH, FCB, FPH, NJ, MFS. Approval of the final
version of the manuscript: MAM, PCH, AMBM, AJDB, BLH, FCB, FPH, NJ, MFS.

Conflict of Interest: The authors declare no conflict ofinterest.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2021055003673 “
Vaccine 39 (2021) 3404-3409

 

Contents lists available at ScienceDireot R

Vaccine

Vaccine

 

   

journal homepage: www .elsevier.com/locate/vaccine

 

Missed childhood immunizations during the COVID-19 pandemic in
Brazil: Analyses of routine statistics and of a national household survey (ts

Mariangela F. Silveira “*, Cristian T. Tonial b Ana Goretti K. Maranhão S, Antonia M.S. Teixeira ,
Pedro C. Hallalº, Ana Maria B. Menezes”, Bernardo L. Horta”, Fernando P. Hartwig”, Aluísio J.D. Barros”,
Cesar G. Victora?

* Postgraduate Program in Epidemiology, Federal University of Pelotas, Pelotas, RS, Brazil

* Hospital São Lucas, Pontifical Catholic University of Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, RS, Brazil

“ShIS QL 06 conjunto 08, casa 06, Lago Sul, Brasília, DF CEP 71620-085, Brazil

à Avenida Abel Cabral, 577, Condomínio Residencial SunHappy 1404 D, Nova Paranamirirm, Parnamirim/ RN CEP 59151-250, Brazil

 

ARTICLE INFO ABSTRACT

 

Article history:
Received 27 November 2020
Received in revised form 7 April 2021
Accepted 23 April 2021

Available online 27 April 2021

Introduction: There is widespread concern that disruption to health services during the COVID-19 pan-
demic has led to declines in immunization coverage among young children, but there is limited informa-
tion on the magnitude of such impact. High immunization coverage is essential for reducing the risk of
vaccine preventable diseases.

Methods: We used data from two nationwide sources covering the whole of Brazil. Data from the
Information System of the National Immunization Program (SIPNI) on the monthly number of vaccine
doses administered to young children were analyzed. The second source was a survey in 133 large cities
in the 27 states in the country, carried out from August 24-27. Respondents answered a question on
whether children under the age of three years had missed any scheduled vaccinations during the pan-
demic, and available vaccination cards were photographed for later examination.

Results: SIPNI data showed that, relative to January and February 2020, there was a decline of about 20%
in vaccines administered to children aged two months or older during March and April, when social dis-
tancing was at the highest level in the country. After May, vaccination levels returned to pre-pandemic
values. Survey data, based on the interviews and on examination of the vaccine cards, showed that
19.0% (95% CI 17.0;21.1%) and 20.6% (95% CI 19.0;23.1%) of children, respectively, had missed immuniza-
tions. Missed doses were most common in the North (Amazon) region and least common in the South and
Southeast, and also more common among children ftom poor than from wealthy families.
Interpretation: Our results show that the pandemic was associated with a reduction of about 20% in child
vaccinations, but this was reverted in recent months. Children from poor families and from the least
developed regions of the country were most affected. There is an urgent need to booster immunization
activities in the country to compensate for missed doses, and to reduce geographic and socioeconomic
inequalities.

Keywords:
Immunization coverage
Economic status

Public health

Covid - 19

O 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

 

1. Introduction

The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted routine health services
throughout the world, due to the need for social distancing and
with facilities being affected by staff shortages and overwhelmed
with COVID-19 cases [1]. Specifically in the case of childhood
immunizations, campaigns were interrupted and concerns about
bringing children to health facilities have contributed to reducing

* Corresponding author.

https://doi.org/10.1016/) vaccine.2021,04,046
0264-410X/O 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

coverage [2,3]. Yet, a modeling exercise for Sub-Saharan Africa sug-
gested that child deaths due to vaccine-preventable diseases
would far exceed the number of childhood deaths due to COVID-
19 ilness acquired during visits to health facilities in order to
receive vaccines [4].

Much of the literature on the impact of the pandemic on vacci-
nation coverage consists of modeling exercises with hypothetical
data, as few studies are available from low- and middle-income
countries that included actual measurements of the shortfall [5].
A study in Afghanistan showed that due to Covid-19 spread, polio
M.F. Silveira, CT. Tonial, A. Goretti K. Maranhão et at.

vaccine coverage was reduced and reported cases increased [6], At
the main university hospital in Saudi Arabia, a retrospective cohort
from 2017 to 2020 found that coverage with all childhood immu-
nizations, except for vaccines administered soon after birth were
around 20% to 50% lower in 2020 compared with 2017 to 2019
[7]. A study in a province in Pakistan relied upon electronic records
to compare immunizations during the lock down period with doses
given in the six months preceding the pandemic, and found an
average decline of 52.5% in daily doses [5]. A cross-sectional study
performed at a health center in Sierra Leone, found that a lower
number of children received vaccination in 2020 compared with
2019, the change ranging from 50 to 85% depending on the individ-
ual vaccine analyzed [8], Our literature search failed to identify any
studies from Latin America, which has been severely affected by
the pandemic.

We analyzed two nationwide data sources to estimate how
many children missed immunizations since February 2020, when
the first COVID-19 case was reported in Brazil, including the infor-
mation system for the national immunization system, and a prob-
ability survey carried out in August 2020 in 33,250 households
from 133 of the largest cities in the country, which included a
question on missed vaccinations by young children.

2. Methods
2.1. Routine vaccination data

The first data source were routine reports on the number of vac-
cine doses administered to young children in the country, based on
the National Immunization Program Information System (PNI) of
the Brazilian Ministry of Health. This open access database [9]
includes data since 1994, being regularly updated by health facili-
ties in the 5570 municipalities in the country [10]. Information on
vaccine coverage is estimated by dividing reported doses by the
number of children in the age range at which the vaccine should
have been administered, divided by the numbers of children
derived from the National Live Births System [11]. Information
on the following vaccines, the ones that we have information from
the PNI routine data for infants, was obtained:

« Single dose of Bacille Calmette-Guerin (BCG), which is usually
administered soon after birth, most often in the maternity
wards or during first postnatal visit of the child to a health
facility;

« First dose of hepatitis B vaccine, administered within the first
30 days of life, also most often in the maternity hospital or dur-
ing the first postnatal visit;

« Third dose of pentavalent vaccine (diphtheria, tetanus, pertus-
sis, haemophilus influenza B and hepatitis B), scheduled for
administration at the age of six months;

« Third dose of injectable polio vaccine, also scheduled for the age
of six months;

« First dose of triple viral vaccine (measles, mumps and rubella)
administered at the age of 12 months.

Im order to assess the likely impact of the pandemic, we
extracted data on the monthly coverage with the above vaccines
from 2017 to the first six months of 2020. We then averaged cov-
erage in 2017 to 2019, and compared with coverage for the same
month in 2020 to account for seasonality [12].

2.2. Nationwide household survey

We used data from the fourth round of the nationwide
EPICOVID-19 (http://www epicovidl9brasilorg/) survey, con-

2405

Vaccine 39 (2021) 3404-3409

ducted between August 24-27. The primary purpose of the survey
was to assess the presence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 using
a rapid point-of-care test. The sample included 133 large cities in
allof Brazil's 27 federation Units (26 states and the Brasilia Federal
District). Within each city, 25 census tracts were chosen with prob-
ability proportionate to size, and 10 households were randomly
selected per tract based on listings prepared by the Brazilian Insti-
tute of Geography and Statistics. One household member was ran-
domly selected using using the software Survey To Go, and for
children under the age of three years the survey respondent was
asked the following question: “Did the child miss any scheduled vac-
cinations since the pandemic started?” Regardless of the answer,
interviewers asked whether the child had an immunization card,
and if so, asked the respondent to allow the card to be pho-
tographed. The photographs were assessed by two reviewers
(MFS and CTT) who classified children according to whether or
notthey had missed a vaccine dose that was scheduled from March
to August 2020.

The questionnaire also provided information on the child's age
and sex, and on the region of the country. Additional information
on household assets and characteristics of the building was used
in principal component analyses to create a houschold wealth
score, which was later divided into quintiles [13,14].

Ethical approval was granted by Brazil's National Ethics Com-
mittee (process number CAAE 30721520.7.1001.5313), with writ-
ten informed consent from all participants; for children and
adolescents, consent was sought from parents or guardians.

Chi-squared tests were used to compare the proportions of chil-
dren who missed vaccinations according to region of the country,
sex, age and household wealth quintiles. For the later, tests for lin-
ear trend in proportions were used. Data analyses took into
account the complex nature of the cluster sampling. Additional
information on the study is available in its website (www .epid-
covidi9brasilorg) and in an earlier publication [15].

3. Results
3.1. Routine vaccination data

Fig, 1 shows the evolution of vaccine coverage by year from
2017 to the first six months of 2020. Coverage levels were similar
in 2017 and 2018, but for all vaccines except MMR coverage was
reduced in 2019. In 2020, coverage levels were substantially lower
than in the previous years, although for pentavalent vaccine the
reduction was of only 7.1 percent points. The drop in routine doses
during early months of 2020 was not due to seasonal patterns of
vaccine administration because time series analyses (data not
shown) suggest that the only noticeable drops tend to occur in
the last months of the year. The drop in coverage with pentavalent
vaccine in 2019 was due to limited availability during the second
half of the year due to issues regarding importation of the vaccine;
this problem did not affect other vaccines.

In Fig. 2, coverage levels by month in 2020 are shown as ratios
relative to average coverage in the corresponding month from
2017 to 2019. For BCG and hepatitis B vaccines, coverage ratios
in 2020 were stable over the six months, at around 63% to 72% of
the 2017-2019 values. Forthe other three vaccines, coverage ratios
were considerably lower in March and April than in earlier or later
months; in June, levels had returned to almost the same levels as in
the previous years, particularly for pentavalent vaccine.

The average change in April and May, compared to the mean
values for the other for months, were 0% for BCG, +1% for hepatitis
B, — 18% for pentavalent and polio, and —27% for MMR.

Fig, 3 shows that the implementation of social distancing was
strongest in the months of March and April [16].
M.F. Silveira, CT. Tonial, A. Goretti K. Maranhão et at. Vaccine 39 (2021 ) 3404-3409

100
90
so
70
60
so

20

Coverage (5%)

10

2017 2018 2019 2020

—BCG  ——HepB —Penta3 —Polio3 > MMR

Fig. 1. Coverage levels with five vaccines by year, 2017-2020. Source: SI-PNI.

87,6%
817%
56.2%
MMR 67.9%
34.8%
88.3%

Polio 3rd dose

 

Pentavalent 3rd dose

Hepatitis

71.3%

66.3%
64.2%
68.3%
BCG 67.0%
67.7%
724%

 

0% 20% 40% 60% 80% 100%
Ratio of monthly coverage in 2020 to coverage in 2017-9.

EJun EMay BApr mMar mFeb Elan

Fig 2. Ratio of monthly coverage in 2020 compared to the same month in 2017-2019. Source: SI-PNI.

2406
M.F. Silveira, CT. Tonial, A. Goretti K. Maranhão et at.

so

Percentage (%)

Vaccine 39 (2021) 3404-3409

 

 

315

4ns

215

515

615

75

815

915

Fig. 3. Daily percent changes in residential mobility in Brazil during 2020, compared to the baseline period before the COVID-19 pandemic. Source: Google COVID-19

Community Mobility Reports(16).

3.2. Nationwide household survey

The overall response rate in the nationwide survey was 55%,
dueto logistic difficulties during lockdown period. No family mem-
bers were at home in 22% of the households, and in another 23%
the residents refused to undergo a test for COVID antibodies. Ques-
tionnaire information on missed vaccination was obtained for 2530
children under the age of three years. Of these, it was possible to
photograph vaccination cards for 1785 (69.6%), 22.8% either did
not have a card or could not find it, and 7.6% refused to allow
the interviewers to photograph the card. Of the 1785 cards, 1547
(86.7%) yielded where vaccination dates were readable.

The proportions of children who missed scheduled vaccinations
were 19,0% (95% CI 17.0;21.1%) and 20.6% (95% CI 19.0;23.1%),
respectively. Agreement between the two indicators was equal to
72.3%. Table 1 shows the proportions of children who missed vac-
cinations by region, sex, age and household wealth. Results from
both methods were quite similar. The highest proportions of
default were in the North and Center-West regions, and the lowest
in the South. There were no significant differences by sex. Infants
were less likely to miss vaccinations than one-year-old children
but results for two-year-old children were inconsistent, with extre-
mely low frequency according to the vaccination card. Patterns
according to household wealth were very consistent, showing that
children from poor families were more likely to have missed vac-
cine doses.

4. Discussion

The Brazilian National Immunization Program (PNI) was cre-
ated in 1973, and over time the country became one of the most
successful programs in the world with coverage levels close to
100% for most vaccines by the beginning of the century [17]. The
last polio case was documented in 1989 and the disease was offi-
cially recognized as eradicated in 1994, and in 2016 measles was
also certified as eradicated in Latin America as a whole [18]. The
immunization program incorporated new vaccines over time. At
present, a child must be brought to a health facility on seven differ-
ent occasions during the first year of life to receive 15 different
doses of vaccines against 11 infectious diseases, The growing com-
plexity of the vaccination schedule requiring multiple visits to
health facilities, associated with a general perception that

3407

vaccine-preventable diseases are no longer a risk for children
[10], as well as the emergence of vaccine hesitancy [19] have con-
tributed to substantial declines in vaccine coverage throughout the
country in recent years [10,20]. Cesare at all, using routine data
from the PNI, described a significant decline in overall vaccination
coverage across all country regions between 2017 and 2019, espe-
cially for childhood immunizations [21]. Our own results on annual
coverage confirm that a decline was already evident in 2019,
before the pandemic (Fig. 1). Drops in coverage led to a reversal
in the country's measles-free status. This disease was reintroduced
from Venezuela in 2018 and as a consequence of declining cover-
age levels, most states in the country have reported measles cases
since then [22]. It is against this background of declining coverage
that the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic must be interpreted.

The present results, based upon two different data sources, con-
firm the negative impact of the pandemic on child vaccination cov-
erage. The routine system showed a time-delimited drop during
the months of March and April. Data from Google residential
mobility (Fig. 3) confirm that these were the two months in 2020
where the population was most likely to remain isolated at their
homes. Starting in May, isolation was gradually relaxed. An impor-
tant findings is that BCG and the first does for hepatitis B, which
are often administered in the maternity hospital or in the first
postnatal visit to a facility, were not affected by the pandemic,
whereas vaccines that administered to older children showed a
clear dip in March and April followed by a recovery from May
onwards. The magnitude of the decline was of 18% for pentavalent
and polio vaccines, and 27% for MMR vaccine. A possible explana-
tion for this difference is virtually all children in the country are
born in a hospital, and even if BCG or hepatitis B vaccines are not
administered in the maternity ward, families are more motivated
to attend the first postnatal check-up than to bring older children
for immunization appointments, which may be perceived as less
urgent.

Results from the national household survey, based both on
questionnaire responses and inspection of vaccine cards, suggest
that about 20% of children failed scheduled vaccination appoint-
ments since March. According to both methods, missed vaccina-
tions were most common in the North region and among
children from the poorest families. The main discrepancy was in
missed appointments for two-year-old children, which were
uncommon according to vaccination cards, but frequent according
to the questionnaire, For children who are up to date with their
M.F. Silveira, CT. Tonial, A. Goretti K. Maranhão et at.

Table 1

Vaccine 39 (2021) 3404-3409

Proportions of children who missed scheduled vaccinations according to the questionnaire and vaccine card, stratified by region, sex, age

and wealth quintiles, P levels refer to differences in the outcomes

according to these variables.

 

 

 

 

 

Questionnaire Vaccine card
Number Missed vaccines (3%) Number Missed vaccines (%)
Region North 542 257 359 284
(220; 29.7) (242; 33.1)
Northeast 789 19.4 506 184
(16.8;223) (152;221)
Southeast 524 151 320 166
(121;18.6) (128;21.2)
South 332 127 199 161
(95; 165) (117;21.7)
Center-west 252 206 158 272
(160; 26.1) (2109; 34.5)
P<0.001 P<0001
Sex Boys 1259 202 810 210
(180; 22.5) (183; 24.0)
Girls 1180 179 732 209
(15.8; 20.2) (18.1; 24.0)
P=0.14 P=097
Age (years) o 493 154 363 256
(12.5; 18.9) (21.4; 30.4)
1 939 201 583 35.0
(17.6; 22.9) (312;39.0)
2 1007 19.9 601 4s
(17.5; 22.4) (31:66)
P=0.05 p<0.001
Wealth quintile Poorest 639 225 4 245
(19.3; 26.2) (20,5; 28.8)
2nd s14 210 318 245
(17.7; 247) (203; 29.4)
3rd 489 170 316 190
(13.9; 20.6) (150; 23.7)
ath 429 175 269 178
(140;21.6) (135; 23.0)
Wealthiest 368 15.0 218 156
(11.6; 19.1) (13:
P=003 P=001
Total 2439 19.0 1547 210
(170;211) (190; 23.1)

 

vaccinations, no doses are scheduled for the third year of life, but
for those who are not up to date, health workers will schedule vis-
its during the year to deliver the vaccines that had been missed in
previous years. It is possible that questionnaires respondents -
usually the children's parents - were confused about the need
for immunizations in the third year. The social patterning of
missed doses is not unexpected, as coverage typically increases
with family wealth in most low- and middle-income countries
[23,24]. Similar inequality patterns have been reported by Brazilian
researchers [25,26], although vaccine hesitancy seems to be rising
among better-off families in the wealthiest regions of the country
[19]. Higher frequencies of missed doses among the poor may be
perhaps be explained by characteristics of health facilities (geo-
graphic distribution, staffing, opening hours), to concerns about
infection by bringing children to crowded services, and to the need
to rely on public transportation with consequent exposure to the
virus. In contrast, better off families are more likely to rely on pri-
vate transportation and to also have access to private clinics.

Our analyses have limitations. The definitions of missed vacci-
nations based on the national information system and on the
household survey are different, yet both sources suggest that about
one in five children missed vaccinations. Coverage of the national
information system is high, but there are delays in reporting from
primary care facilities; nevertheless, it is unlikely that delays can
explain the present findings of a clear dip during two calendar
months and return to previous levels afterwards, as well as the

finding that vaccines delivered primarily in hospitals were not
affected. The response rate in the national survey was low, at
around 55%, which is explained by the fact that many homes were
empty as families attempted to move away from large cities due to
the pandemic, as well as by refusals to receive interviewers due to
fear of infection. It is possible that children from families who
could not be contacted would show lower immunization coverage
than those who were interviewed; if this is true, vaccine coverage
would be underestimated in our results.

Although the sample included all regional hub cities in the
country, it may be not representative of smaller towns and rural
areas, where vaccine coverage may be different.

On the other hand, the strengths of our analyses include the use
of two different data sources that provided consistent results on
levels and patterns of missed vaccinations. Due to the national
scope of our study in a country with 220,000,000 inhabitants, it
represents the largest assessment so far on how the COVID-19 pan-
demic has affected immunizations in a low- or middle-income
country.

Although the national data suggest that vaccine administration
has returned to pre-pandemic levels, the dip of about 20% observed
during March and April has not yet been compensated by higher
vaccination rates in recent year. Also of concern is that the impact
of the pandemic has been larger among children from poor families
in the poorest regions of the country - who are most likely to die
from infectious diseases [27] - thus further accentuating social

2408
M.F. Silveira, CT. Tonial, A. Goretti K. Maranhão et at.

inequalities in coverage that were already present in the recent
past. There is a strong need to reinvigorate the national immuniza-
tion program to tackle the impact of the pandemic.

Declaration of Competing Interest

The authors declare that they have no known competing finan-
cial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared
to influence the work reported in this paper.

Acknowledgments

The study was funded by the Brazilian Ministry of Health, “Todos
pela Saúde” Group, Instituto Serrapilheira, Brazilian Collective
Health Association (ABRASCO) and the JBS S.A. initiative “Fazer o
Bem Faz Bem'.

Author's contributions

Mariângela F Silveira, Cristian T'Tonial, Ana Goretti K Maranhão,
Antonia MS Teixeira, Pedro C Hallal, Ana M B Menezes, Bernardo L
Horta, Fernando P Hartwig, Aluísio ] D Barros, and Cesar G Victora
contributed to the conception and design of the work, to the acqui-
sition, analysis, and interpretation of data and the draft of the
manuscript.

References

[1] Nelson R. COVID-19 disrupts vaccine delivery. Lancet Infect Dis 2020;20
(51546.

[2] Saso A, Skirrow H, Kampmamn B. Impact of COVID-19 on immunization
services for maternal and infant vaccines: results of a survey conducted by
imprint-the immunising pregnant women and infants network. Vaccines
(Basel). 2020;8(3):556.

[8] Olorunsaiye CZ, Yusuf KK, Reinhart K, Salihu HM. COVID-19 and child
vaccination: a systematic approach to closing the immunization gap. Int J
MCH AIDS. 2020;9(3):381-5.

[4] Abbas K, Procter SR, van Zandvoort K, Clark A, Funk S, Mengistu T, et al. Routine
childhood immunisation during the COVID-19 pandemic in Africa: a benefit-
risk analysis of health benefits versus excess risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Lancet Glob Health 2020;8(10):e1264-72.

[5] Chandir 5, Siddigi DA, Mehmood M, Setayesh H, Siddique M, Mirza A, et al.
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic response on uptake of routine immunizations
in Sindh, Pakistan: an analysis of provincial electronic immunization registry
data. Vaccine 2020;38(45):7146-55.

[6] Abmadi A, Essar MY, Lin X, Adebisi YA, Lucero-Prisno DE. Polio in Afghanistan:
the current situation amid COVID-I9. Am J Trop Med Hyg 2020;103
(4)1367-9.

[7] Alrabiaah AA, Alshaer AH, Estrella SMC, Inclan KAS, Aljammaz HA, Almoosa
KM, et al, Effects of the Coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic on routine
pediatric immunization coverage rates at the main University Hospital in
Saudi Arabia. Saudi Med ] 2020;41(11):1197-203.

[8] Buonsenso D, Cinicola B, Kallon MN, lodice F. Child healthcare and
immunizations in Sub-Saharan Africa during the COVID-19 pandemic. Front

 

 

 

3409

Vaccine 39 (2021) 3404-3409

[8] Brasil. Ministério da Saúde. SIPNI - Sistema de Informações do Programa
Nacional de Imunizações, Brasilia2020 [Available from:  http://
sipni datasus.gov.br/si-pni- web faces/inicio,jst.

[10] Domingues C, Maranhão AGK, Teixeira AM, Fantinato FFS, Domingues RAS. The
Brazilian National Immunization Program: 46 years of achievements and
challenges. Cadernos de saude publica. 2020;36Supp! 2(Suppl 2):e00222919.

[11] Brasil, Ministério da Saúde. SINASC - Sistema de Informações de Nascidos
Vivos, 2020 [Available from: http://www2.datasusgov.br/DATASUS/index.
php?area-060702.

[12] Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística. Estimativas da População. 2020
[Available from: https://www.ibge gov.br/estatisticas/sociais|populacao|
9103-estimativas-de-populacao.html?=&t=o-que-e.

[13] Rutstein SO, Steps to constructing the new DHS wealth index. Calverton, MD:
ICF International; [date unknown]

[14] Filmer D, Pritchett LH. Estimating wealth effects without expenditure data-or
tears: an application to educational enrollments in states of India.
Demography 2001;38(1):115-32.

[15] Hallal PC, Hartwig FP, Horta BL, Silveira MF, Struchiner CJ, Vidaletti LP, et al,
SARS-CoV-2 antibody prevalence in Brazil: results from two successive
nationwide serological household surveys. Lancet Glob Health 2020.

[16] LLCG. Google COVID-19 Community Mobility Reports [Available from: https://
wwwgooglecom|covid19/mobility.

[17] Barreto ML, Teixeira MG, Bastos Fl, Ximenes RA, Barata RB, Rodrigues LC.
Successes and failures in the control of infectious diseases in Brazil: social and
environmental context, policies, interventions, and research needs. Lancet
(London, England). 2011:377(9780):1877-89.

[18] Pan American Health Organization. Region of the Americas is declared free of
measles Washington, DC2016 [Available from: https://www.paho org/ha/
index. php?option=com. content&view=article&id=12528:region-americas-
declared-free-measles&iltemid=1926&lang=en.

[19] Silveira MF, Buffarini R, Bertoldi AD, Santos IS, Barros AJD, Matijasevich A, etal,
The emergence of vaccine hesitancy among upper-class Brazilians: Results
from four birth cohorts, 1982-2015. Vaccine. 2020;38(3):482-8.

[20] Ministério da Saúde, Saúde Brasil 2019. Uma análise da situação de saúde com
enfoque nas doenças imunopreveníveis e na imunização. . In: Departamento
de Análise em Saúde e Vigilância de Doenças não transmissíveis, editor.
Brasília: Ministério da Saúde, Secretaria de Vigilância em Saúde,
Departamento de Análise em Saúde e Vigilância de Doenças não
transmissíveis. ; 2019.

[21] Cesare N, Mota TF, Lopes FFL, Lima ACM, Luzardo R, Quintanilha LF, et al,
Longitudinal profiling of the vaccination coverage in Brazil reveals a recent
change in the patterns hallmarked by differential reduction across regions. Int
J Infect Dis. 2020,98:275-80.

[22] Pacheco FC, França GVA, Elídio GA, Domingues C, de Oliveira C, Guilhem DB,
Trends and spatial distribution of MMR vaccine coverage in Brazil during
2007-2017. Vaccine, 2019;37(20):2651-5.

[23] Maria Clara Restrepo-Méndez AJB, Wong Kerty LM, Johnson Hope L. George
Pariyo, Giovanny VA França FCW, Cesar G Victora, Inequalities in full
immunization coverage: trends in low- and middleincome countries. Bull
World Health Organ 2016;94:794-S058A,

[24] Ahmad Reza Hosseinpoor NB, Schlotheuber Anne, Gacic-Dobo Marta, Hansen
Peter M, Senouci Kamel, Boerma Ties, et al, State of inequality in diphtheria-
tetanus-pertussis immunisation coverage in low-income and middle-income
countries: a multicountry study of household health surveys. Lancet Glob.
Health. 2016;4:6617-26.

[25] Barata RBPS. Desigualdades sociais e cobertura vacinal na cidade de Salvador.
Bahia. Rev Bras Epidemiol. 2013;16(2):266-77.

[26] Yokokura AVSA, Bernardes AC, Lamy Filho F, Alves MT, Cabra NA, Alves RF.
Vaccination coverage and factors associated with incomplete basic vaccination
schedule in 12-month-old children, São Luís, Maranhão State, Brazil, 2006.
Cadernos de saude publica. 2006;29(3):522-34.

[27] Victora CG, Aquino EM, Leal MC, Monteiro CA, Barros FC, Szwarcwald CL
Maternal and child health in Brazil: Progress and challenges. Lancet (London,
England). 2011;377(9780):1863-76.

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

   
DOI: 10.1590/1413-81232020256.1.09632020

Evolução da prevalência de infecção por COVID-19 no Rio
Grande do Sul, Brasil: inquéritos sorológicos seriados

Trends in the prevalence of COVID-19 infection in Rio Grande do

Sul, Brazil: repeated serological surveys

Pedro Curi Hallal (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-1470-6461) !
Bernardo L Horta (https://orcid.org/0000-0001-9843-412X) !
Aluísio J D Barros (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2022-8729) !

Odir A Dellagostin (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-2803-4088) !
Fernando P Hartwig (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-3729-0710) !
Lúcia C Pellanda (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-8776-2248) ?
Cláudio José Struchiner (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-2114-847X) *
Marcelo N Burattini (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5407-6890) *
Mariângela Freitas da Silveira (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2861-7139) !
Ana M B Menezes (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2996-9427) !
Fernando C Barros (https://orcid.org/0000-0001-5973-1746) !
Cesar Gomes Victora (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2465-2180) !

'Programa de Pós-
Graduação em
Epidemiologia,
Universidade Federal
de Pelotas. R. Marechal
Deodoro 1160, Centro.
96020-220 Pelotas R$

Brasil, prohallalO gmail.com

 

Fundação sidade
Federal de Ciências de
Saúde de Porto Alegre.
Porto Alegre R$ Brasil.
scola de Matemática
Aplicada, Fundação Getúlio
Vargas. Rio de Janeiro RJ
Brasil.

  

 

* Universidade de São Paulo.

   

o Paulo SP Brasil.

Abstract COVID-19, the disease produced
by the virus SARS-CoV-2, has spread quickly
throughout the world, leading the World Health
Organization to first classify it as an internation-
al health emergency and, subsequently, declaring
it pandemic. The number of confirmed cases, as
April 11, surpassed 1,700,000, but this figure does
not reflect the prevalence of COVID-19 in the
population as, in many countries, tests are almost
exclusively performed in people with symptoms,
particularly severe cases. To properly assess the
magnitude of the problem and to contribute to
the design of evidence-based policies for fighting
COVID-19, one must accurately estimate the
population prevalence of infection. Our study is
aimed at estimating the prevalence of infected in-
dividuals in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Bra-
zil, to document how fast the infection spreads,
and to estimate the proportion of infected persons
who present or presented symptoms, as well as
the proportion of asymptomatic infections. Four
repeated serological surveys will be conducted
in probability samples of nine sentinel cities ev-
ery two weeks. Tests will be performed in 4,500
participants in each survey, totaling1 8,000 inter-
views. Interviews and tests will be conducted at
the participants household. A rapid test for the
detection of antibodies will be used; the test was
validated prior to the beginning of the fieldwork.
Key words Infection, COVID-I9, Prevalence,
Population-based study, Brazil

Resumo A COVID-19 é uma doença produzida
pelo vírus SARS-CoV-2. Esse vírus se espalhou ra-
pidamente pelo mundo, o que levou a Organiza-
ção Mundial da Saúde a classificar a COVID-19
como uma emergência de saúde internacional e,
posteriormente, a declará-la uma pandemia. O
número de casos confirmados, no dia 11 de abril
de 2020, já passa de 1.700.000, porém esses dados
não refletem a real prevalência de COVID-19 na
população, visto que, em muitos países, os testes
são quase que exclusivamente realizados em pes-
soas com sintomas, especialmente os mais graves.
Para definir políticas de enfrentamento, é essencial
dispor de dados sobre a prevalência real de infec-
ção na população. Este estudo tem por objetivos
avaliar a proporção de indivíduos já infectados
pelo SARS-CoV-2 no Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil,
analisar a velocidade de expansão da infecção e

 

estimar o percentual de infectados com e sem sin-
tomas. Serão realizados quatro inquéritos soroló-
gicos repetidos a cada 15 dias, com amostragem
probabilística de nove cidades sentinela, em todas
as sub-regiões do Estado. As entrevistas e testes
ocorrerão no âmbito domiciliar. Serão utilizados
testes rápidos para detecção de anticorpos, valida-
dos previamente ao início da coleta de dados.
Palavras-chave Infecção, COVID-19, Prevalên-
cia, Inquérito populacional, Brasil

2595

aTOILHV ODILHV
 

Introdução

OSARS-CoV-2 faz parte de uma ampla família de
vírus que pode causar enfermidade em humanos
e animais. Desde a detecção do primeiro caso na
China, no final de 2019, o vírus tem se espalhado
rapidamente no mundo. No dia 30 de janeiro, a
Organização Mundial de Saúde (OMS) classifi-
cou a doença produzida pelo vírus, COVID-19,
como uma emergência de saúde internacional.
No dia 11 de março, a OMS declarou haver uma
pandemia de COVID-19, com aproximadamente
118.000 casos em 114 países e territórios. Em 11
de abril, o número de casos confirmados já pas-
sava de 1.700.000 em praticamente todos os paí-
ses e territórios, havendo ainda a confirmação de
mais de 103.000 mortes"?

No entanto, é necessário considerar que as
estatísticas oficiais disponíveis sobre a evolução
do vírus são suscetíveis a uma série de limitações,
particularmente a ausência de informação sobre a
prevalência de infecção pelo vírus na população.
Por exemplo, no relatório situacional da OMS
de 10 de abril de 2020, havia a confirmação de
143.626 pessoas com testes positivos para CO-
VID-19 na Itália, um país com 60,5 milhões de
habitantes. Dividindo-se o número de infectados
oficiais pelo tamanho da população, a prevalên-
cia de infecção pelo SARS-CoV-2 seria de 0,24%.
Contudo, a testagem para o SARS-CoV-2 não é
feita aleatoriamente na população italiana, sendo
que as pessoas com sintomas têm muito maior
probabilidade de realizarem o teste do que aque-
las sem sintomas. Na pequena cidade de Vo, no
norte da Itália, todos os 3.300 habitantes foram
testados, sendo que 3% tiveram resultado positivo
para a infecção, em sua maioria assintomáticos*.

Na Islândia, que estimulou a testagem da
população independentemente da ocorrência
de sintomas, 3.787 pessoas haviam sido testadas
até 18 de março, sendo que 218 (5,8%) tiveram
resultado positivo”. Mesmo essa estimativa deve
ser interpretada com cautela, tendo em vista o
conhecido fenômeno do viés de diagnóstico”,
que faz com que pessoas com sintomas possam
ter optado por fazer o teste com maior frequên-
cia do que pessoas sem sintomas. Ao analisar-se
especificamente os 1.800 testes realizados com
voluntários assintomáticos, apenas 19 (1,1%)
apresentaram resultado positivo”. A prevalência
também depende do estágio da epidemia e tende
a aumentar com o tempo. Um inquérito recente
mostrou prevalência de 14% na cidade alemã de
Gangelt, a qual foi considerada um foco da doen-
ca devido às festividades de CarnavalS, enquan-

to que na Coréia do Sul mais de meio milhão
de pessoas foram testadas em serviços de saúde,
mostrando uma positividade de 2,1%”.

Em Epidemiologia, identificar a magnitu-
de do problema de saúde na população inteira,
e não em subgrupos específicos de pessoas com
suspeita da doença**, é o primeiro passo para o
desenvolvimento de estratégias efetivas de saúde
pública baseadas em evidências. Estimar o per-
centual de infectados na população em geral é
especialmente relevante no caso da COVID-19
pelo fato de que se estima que mais de 60% das
pessoas infectadas pelo SARS-CoV-2 apresentem
sintomas leves ou até nenhum sintoma”, mas
podem transmitir a doença. Além disso, dentro
do quadro atual de políticas bastante restritivas
quanto ao contato social, conhecer a prevalência
de infecção na população, e, em consequência,
o número de suscetíveis, será essencial para pla-
nejar a volta gradativa às atividades normais da
população.

Objetivos

Os objetivos do projeto são: (1) Estimar o per-
centual da população do Rio Grande do Sul que
apresenta anticorpos contra o SARS-CoV-2; (2)
Determinar o percentual de indivíduos com teste
positivo que apresentam ou apresentaram infec-
ções assintomáticas ou subclínicas; (3) Avaliar os
sintomas mais comumente relatados pelos indi-
víduos com anticorpos; (4) Analisar a evolução
da prevalência através de quatro inquéritos quin-
zenais; (5) Permitir cálculos precisos da letalida-
de da doença, através das estimativas confiáveis
do percentual de infectados; (6) Estimar recursos
hospitalares de baixa, média e alta complexidade
necessários para o enfrentamento da pandemia,
por modelagem matemática a partir das estima-
tivas de prevalência obtidas; (7) Permitir o even-
tual desenho de estratégias de abrandamento das
medidas de isolamento social, com base nas esti-
mativas obtidas.

População e amostragem

Serão realizados inquéritos sorológicos repe-
tidos de base populacional em nove municípios
sentinela, com delineamento baseado em reco-
mendações da OMS". Esta seleção de municípios
sentinela se justifica pela exiguidade de tempo e
disponibilidade limitada de testes. Oito municí-
pios são sede das sub-regiões intermediárias do
Rio Grande do Sul conforme o Instituto Brasi-
leiro de Geografia e Estatística (IBGE), e o nono
é o maior município da região metropolitana de
Porto Alegre, depois da capital. Os oito municí-
pios sede de sub-regiões são: Porto Alegre, Pelo-
tas, Santa Maria, Uruguaiana, Ijuí, Passo Fundo,
Caxias do Sul e Santa Cruz do Sul (Figura 1).
Dada a importância da região metropolitana de
Porto Alegre, a cidade de Canoas será incluída
na amostra por ser a terceira mais populosa do
Estado, após Porto Alegre e Caxias do Sul. Em
cada inquérito, serão realizadas 500 entrevistas
em cada estrato, totalizando 4.500 entrevistas por
inquérito e 18.000 entrevistas no total do estudo.

Os quatro inquéritos serão realizados, com
base no cronograma demonstrado na Figura 2. A
coleta de dados durará de dois a três dias em cada
rodada. O processo amostral consiste de amostra
probabilística com múltiplos estágios. Em cada
município sentinela, 50 setores censitários serão
selecionados com probabilidade proporcional ao
tamanho respeitando a ordem de numeração de
setores do IBGE, a qual inicia na área central da
cidade e avança em direção à periferia, passando
depois aos distritos. Mapas dos setores censitá-
rios, atualizados em 2019 pelo IBGE e incluindo
todos os endereços em cada setor, serão utiliza-
dos para realizar uma seleção aleatória simples de

  

10 domicílios em cada setor, previamente ao iní-
cio do trabalho de campo. Em caso de recusa do
domicílio como um todo, outros domicílios, já
previamente listados, serão inseridos na amostra.

Em cada domicílio amostrado, todos os mo-
radores serão enumerados pelo entrevistador,
que anotará sexo e idade de cada, e um deles será
sorteado de forma aleatória simples. Se o mora-
dor sorteado estiver ausente por ocasião da visita,
o entrevistador retornará ao domicílio no final
da coleta de dados naquele setor para uma segun-
da tentativa. Se o morador ainda estiver ausente,
outro residente será selecionado aleatoriamente.
O mesmo procedimento será realizado em caso
de recusa por parte do morador sorteado. Todas
as informações sobre ausência, substituição e
recusa de moradores ou do domicílio como um
todo serão registrados para calcular a taxa de não
resposta. A cada novo inquérito, a amostragem
incluirá os mesmos setores censitários, mas do-
micílios diferentes daqueles incluídos nos inqué-
ritos anteriores.

A Tabela 1 mostra, levando em conta uma
amostra de 4.500 pessoas nas 9 cidades, a preci-
são das estimativas para distintos níveis de pre-
valência de infecção no estado como um todo, e
dentro de cada município.

 

Uruguaiana

9

 

Passo
Ijuí Fundo
Q 0 Caxias
Canoas
Santa” Santa Cruz Porto:
Maria do Sul Alegre
Pelotas

 

Figura 1. Mapa do Estado, com as cidades incluídas nos estudos sorológicos de base populacional sobre a

prevalência de COVID-19 no Rio Grande do Sul.

2597

 

 

 

OZOZ TOPT-c6cTI(TIdnS)ST “BANDOS 9pnes op epul
2598

 

Mallal PC et al.

 

 

 

Inquérito 1 Inquérito 2
(11-13/04) (25-27/04)
N=4500 N=4500

“Vestagem para
coviD-19 coviD-19

“Vestagem para

 

Inquérito 3 Inquérito 4
(09-11/05) (23-25/05)
N=4500 N=4500

“Testagem para
covID-19

“Vestagem para
covID-19

 

 

KX KX

KX

 

Figura 2. Cronograma da coleta de dados. Estudos sorológicos de base populacional sobre a prevalência de

COVID-19 no Rio Grande do Sul.

Tabela 1. Parâmetros e estimativas utilizadas para o
cálculo de tamanho de amostra. Estudos sorológicos
de base populacional sobre a prevalência de
COVID-19 no Rio Grande do Sul.

% - «Precisão
estimado Precisão (mm cada
Inquérito N total
de (pp) estrato
infecção (pp)
3% 4.500 0,50 1,50
5% 4.500 0,60 1,70

10% 4.500 1,00 2,50

20% 4500 120 350
: pontos percentuais.

Eles

Testagem e questionário

A detecção da COVID-19 será feita utilizan-
do-se o WONDFO SARS-CoV-2 Antibody Test.
O teste é baseado no princípio do imunoensaio
de fluxo lateral para a detecção de anticorpos

IgG/IgM contra SARS-CoV-2 no sangue total,
soro e plasma humanos. O estudo de validação
apresentado pelo fabricante incluiu 596 partici-
pantes, e identificou uma sensibilidade de 86,4%
e especificidade de 99,6%!2, A equipe da pesquisa
está realizando estudo de validação na população
gaúcha, com pessoas que já haviam realizado o
teste de PCR. Embora a coleta de dados ainda
esteja em andamento, os resultados preliminares
sugerem uma sensibilidade acima de 70% e uma
especificidade acima de 95%. O teste mede a pre-
sença de anticorpos contra o SARS-CoV-2, sem
discriminar o tipo de imunoglobulina. Estes an-
ticorpos podem não ser detectáveis, especialmen-
te nos primeiros dias após o contágio. Portanto,
o teste tem pouco valor diagnóstico para casos
agudos e poderá fornecer resultados falso-nega-
tivos no início da infecção.

Os entrevistadores serão treinados na execu-
ção do exame que será realizado com amostra de
sangue obtida através de punção digital. Além
da testagem para COVID-19, serão coletadas as
seguintes informações sobre os participantes:
sexo, idade, escolaridade do respondente, esco-
laridade da pessoa com maior grau de instrução
no domicílio, cor da pele autorreferida, sintomas
potencialmente relacionados à COVID-19 (tos-
se, febre, palpitações, dor de garganta, dificulda-
de para respirar, alterações no paladar e olfato,
vômito e diarreia) nos 15 dias anteriores à en-
trevista, diagnóstico médico prévio de doenças
relacionadas ao prognóstico da COVID-19 (hi-
pertensão arterial, diabetes, asma, câncer, doença
renal, doenças cardíacas), utilização de serviços
de saúde nas duas semanas anteriores à entrevista
e adoção total, moderada, leve ou não adoção das
medidas de distanciamento social.

Análise de dados

Resultados de prevalência serão estratificados
por sexo, idade, cor da pele, escolaridade do in-
divíduo, maior escolaridade entre os moradores
do domicílio, número de moradores e número
de idosos no domicílio. Serão analisados os sinto-
mas mais apresentados por indivíduos positivos e
negativos, assim como a prevalência de positivos
entre indivíduos que apresentaram cada tipo de
sintoma. Também será calculada a proporção de
infecções assintomáticas. Os resultados do estudo
serão comparados com dados sobre casos notifi-
cados, hospitalizações e óbitos nos nove municí-
pios, a fim de estimar letalidade e subnotificação.
O banco anonimizado será disponibilizado para
pesquisadores externos ao estudo após o proces-
so de limpeza de dados, análises de consistência,
e análise inicial de resultados.

Aspectos éticos

Todos os indivíduos selecionados para a
amostra dos inquéritos sorológicos serão in-
formados sobre os objetivos do estudo, riscos e
vantagens. O material e as informações só serão
coletados após assinatura do termo de consenti-
mento livre e informado. Os casos positivos serão
notificados para o serviço municipal de saúde
para providências necessárias. As medidas de se-
gurança biológica cabíveis serão tomadas, de for-
ma a garantir a saúde dos trabalhadores de cam-
po atuando na coleta dos dados e do material.

O estudo envolve risco mínimo para a saúde
dos participantes, pois envolve apenas a aplicação
de um questionário curto e o exame sorológico.
Se houver qualquer desconforto, o participante
poderá deixar de participar a qualquer momento.
Os benefícios do projeto serão diretos e indiretos.
Com relação aos benefícios diretos, com base nos
resultados do exame, aqueles indivíduos que fo-
rem positivos poderão receber o manejo adequado
para a doença. Os resultados do estudo irão servir
para fornecer dados mais precisos sobre a CO-
VID-19, traçar estratégias para o combate da pan-
demia e basear ações e programas de prevenção.

O protocolo foi aprovado pela Comissão Na-
cional de Ética em Pesquisa (CONEP).

Financiamento

Os testes rápidos utilizados na pesquisa foram
disponibilizados pelo Ministério da Saúde do
Brasil à Secretária de Saúde do Estado do Rio
Grande do Sul, que os repassou à equipe de
pesquisa. O financiamento para a contratação
da empresa responsável pela coleta de dados foi
obtido junto à Unimed Porto Alegre, ao Institu-
to Cultural Floresta e ao Instituto Serrapilhei-
ra. Esta proposta de pesquisa foi elaborada por
pesquisadores de instituições universitárias, sob
liderança da Universidade Federal de Pelotas, em
parceria com o Governo do Estado do Rio Gran-
de do Sul, por meio do Comitê de Análise de Da-
dos, instituído a partir do Decreto Nº 55.129, de
19 de março de 2020.

 
 

Colaboradores

PC Hallal, BL Horta, AJD Barros, OA Dellagos-
tin, FP Hartwig, LC Pellanda, CJ Struchiner, MN
Burattini, MF Silveira, AMB Menezes, FC Barros
e CG Victora estiveram envolvidos em todas as
fases do estudo.

Agradecimentos

Os pesquisadores agradecem a colaboração das
pessoas envolvidas nas diferentes equipes vincu-
ladas ao estudo, e em especial às Secretarias de
Segurança Pública e de Saúde do Estado do Rio
Grande do Sul e dos nove municípios incluídos
na amostra.

Alan ] A McBride (Universidade Federal de
Pelotas); Aldemir Kerschner (Secretaria de Pla-
nejamento, Orçamento e Gestão do RS); Ale-
xandre V Schwarzbold (Universidade Federal de
Santa Maria); Alice Zelmanowicz ((Universidade
Federal de Ciências da Saúde de Porto Alegre);
Andréia Rosane de Moura Valim (Universidade
de Santa Cruz do Sul); Arita Bergmann (Secreta-
ria Estadual de Saúde do R$); Carla Russo (Ins-
tituto Serrapilheira); Carlos Henrique Francois
(Universidade Regional do Noroeste do Estado
do R$); Cassiana Borges Soares (Secretaria Es-
tadual de Saúde); Cézane Priscila Reuter (Uni-
versidade de Santa Cruz do Sul); Cimar Azeredo
Pereira (Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Esta-
tística); Cláudio Gastal (Secretaria Estadual de
Governança e Gestão Estratégica do R$); Cláudio
Goldztein (Instituto Cultural Floresta); Débora
CP Pellegrini (Universidade Federal do Pampa);
Dinara Jaqueline Moura (Universidade Federal
de Ciências da Saúde de Porto Alegre); Eduar-
do Luís Teixeira Baptista (Instituto Brasileiro de
Geografia e Estatística); Eduardo Luiz Gonçal-
ves Rios Neto (Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia
e Estatística); Eduardo Silva (Secretaria Estadual
de Saúde do R$); Eliana Wendland (Universidade
Federal de Ciências da Saúde de Porto Alegre);
Elis Radman (Instituto de Pesquisa de Opinião);
Evelise Moraes Berlezi (Universidade Regional
do Noroeste do Estado do RS); Fabrício R Con-
ceição (Universidade Federal de Pelotas); Gabriel

D Victora (Rockefeller University, EUA); Gerson
Silva (Unimed Porto Alegre); Jane Dagmar Pollo
Renner (Universidade de Santa Cruz do Sul); Je-
nifer Harter (Universidade Federal do Pampa);
Jeovany Martinez Mesa (IMED); Kauê Collares
(Universidade de Passo Fundo); Leany Lemos
(Secretaria de Planejamento, Orçamento e Ges-
tão do RS); Lessandra Michelin (Universidade
de Caxias do Sul); Lia Gonçalves Possuelo (Uni-
versidade de Santa Cruz do Sul); Ligia Beatriz
Bento Franz (Universidade Regional do Noroeste
do Estado do R$); Liliana Portal Weber (Univer-
sidade de Caxias do Sul); Luciano Nunes Duro
(Universidade de Santa Cruz do Sul); Luís Lamb
(Secretaria de Inovação, Ciência e Tecnologia do
RS); Marcelo Carneiro (Universidade de Santa
Cruz do Sul); Marcelo Gonçalves (Universidade
Federal do Rio Grande do Sul); Maria Leticia
Rodrigues Tkeda (UNISINOS); Mariana Turke-
nicz (Unimed Porto Alegre); Mariane da Silva
Dias (Universidade Federal de Pelotas); Marília
Arndt Mesenburg (Universidade Federal de Ci-
ências da Saúde de Porto Alegre); Marina Man-
tesso (Universidade de Caxias do Sul); Marinel
Mór DalPAgnol (Universidade Federal de Santa
Maria); Matias Nunes Frizzo (Universidade Re-
gional do Noroeste do Estado do R$); Nadege Ja-
cques (Universidade Federal de Pelotas); Nêmora
Tregnago Barcellos (UNISINOS); Pedro T Zua-
nazzi (Secretaria de Planejamento, Orçamento e
Gestão do R$); Priscila Weber (Universidade Fe-
deral de Pelotas); Raquel Bierhals (Universidade
Federal de Pelotas); Raqueli Bittencourt (Secreta-
ria Municipal de Saúde de Uruguaiana); Ricardo
Fiegenbaun (Universidade Federal de Pelotas);
Rosângela da Costa Lima (Universidade Federal
de Santa Maria); Sandra Elisa Haas (Universi-
dade Federal do Pampa); Shana Ginar da Silva
(Universidade Federal da Fronteira Sul); Silvia
Pinto (Centro de Pesquisas Epidemiológicas da
Universidade Federal de Pelotas); Tiago V Colla-
res (Universidade Federal de Pelotas); Thiago
Gomes Heck (Universidade Regional do Noroes-
te do Estado do RS); Thiago Machado Ardenghi
(Universidade Federal de Santa Maria); Vinicius
F Campos (Universidade Federal de Pelotas);
Wolney Cogoy de Menezes (Instituto Brasileiro
de Geografia e Estatística).
Referências

 

 

5.

World Health Organization (WHO). Coronavirus
disease (COVID-19) Pandemic. Geneva: WHO; 2019.
[acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Disponível em: https:
www. who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavi-
rus-2019

Roser M, Ritchie H, Ortiz-Ospina E. Coronavirus
Disease (COVID-19) — Statistics and Research. 2020.
[acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Disponível em: www.ou-
rworldindata org/coronavirus

World Health Organization (WHO). Coronavirus
disease (COVID-19) Situation Report - 81. Gene
WHO; 2019. [acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Disponível em:
wwwwho.int/docs/default-sourcecoronaviruse/situ-
ation-reports/20200410-sitrep-81-covid-19.pdf?sfvr-
sn=ca96eb84. 2

Castelfranco S. The hard lessons of Italy's devastating
coronavirus outbreak. [acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Dispo-
nível em: www.rfifi/en/europe/20200316-the-hard
-lessons-of-italy-s-devastating-coronavirus-outbreak
Gudbjartsson DF, Helgason A, Jonsson H, Magnus-
son OT, Melsted P, Norddahl GL, Saemundsdottir ],
Sigurdsson A, Sulem P, Agustsdottir AB, Eiriksdottir
B, Fridriksdottir R, Gardarsdottir EE, Georgsson G,
Gretarsdottir OS, Gudmundsson KR, Gunnarsdottir
TR, Gylfason A, Holm H, Jensson BO, Jonasdottir A,
Jonsson E, Josefsdottir KS, Kristjansson T, Magnus-
dottir DN, Roux L, Sigmundsdottir G, Sveinbjorns-
son G, Sveinsdottir KE, Sveinsdottir M, Thorarensen
EA, Thorbjornsson B, Love A, Masson G, Jonsdottir
1, Moller A, Gudnason T, Kristinsson KG, Thorsteins-
dottir U, Stefansson K. Early Spread of SARS-Cov-2
im the Icelandic Population. [acessado 2020 Mar 15].
Disponível em: https://www.medrxivorg/conten-
1/10.1101/2020.03.26.20044446v2

Streeck H, Hartmann G, Exner M, Schmid M. Vorliu-
figes Ergebnis und Schlussfolgerungen der COVID-19
Case-ClusterStudy (Gemeinde Gangelt). Universit
sklinikum Bonn, 2020. [acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Dis-
ponível em: https://wwwland.nrw/sites/default/files/
asset/document/zwischenergebnis. covid19 case
study. gangelt O.pdf

 

 

 

  

Coronavirus Disease-19, Republic of Korea. [acessa-
do 2020 Mar 15]. Disponível em: http://ncov.mohw.
gokrfen

Catalogue of Bias Collaboration, Banerjee A, Pludde-
mann A, O'Sullivan ]. Diagnostic suspicion bias. In:
Catalogue of Bias 2017. [acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Dis-
ponível em: www catalogofbias.org/biases/diagnostic-
suspicion-bias/

Victora CG. What's the denominator? Lancet 1993;
342(8863):97-99.

Nature. Covert coronavirus infections could be seeding
new outbreaks. 2020. [acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Dispo-
nível em: www.nature.com/artides/d41586-020-008
22-x

World Health Organization (WHO). Population-ba-
sed age-stratified seroepidemiological investigation
protocol for COVID-19 virus infection. Geneva: WHO;
2020. [acessado 2020 Mar 15]. Disponível em: www.
who int/publications-detail/population-based-age-s-
tratified-seroepidemiological-investigation-protocol-
for-covid-19-virus-infection

Clinical General Report. SARS-CoV-2 Antibody Test
(Lateral Flow Method). Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech
Co. Ltd. No. 8 Lizhishan Road, Science City, Luogang
District, 510663, Guangzhou, PR. China: [acessado
2020 Mar 15]. Disponível em: www.wondfo.com.cn

  

Artigo apresentado em 12/04/2020
Aprovado em 12/04/2020
Versão final apresentada em 14/04/2020

Este é um artigo publicado em acesso aberto sob uma licença Creative Commons

 

 
Original research

 

Pam mercan Joumal
ot Publ

 

Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2
according to socioeconomic and ethnic status in
a nationwide Brazilian survey

Bernardo L Horta”, Mariângela F Silveira”, Aluísio J D Barros', Fernando C Barros',
Femnando P Hartwig', Mariane S Dias', Ana M B Menezes”, Pedro C Hallal', Cesar G Victora”

Suggested citation Horta BL, Silveira MF, Barros AJD, Barros FC, Hartwig FP, Dias MS et al. Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2

according to socioeconomic and ethnic status in a nationwide Brazilian survey. Rev Panam Salud Publica. 2020;44:6 135.
hitps://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135

 

ABSTRACT

Keywords

Objectives. To investigate socioeconomic and ethnic group inequalities in prevalence of antibodies against
SARS-CoV-2 in the 27 federative units of Brazil.

Methods. In this cross-sectional study, three household surveys were carried out on May 14-21, June 4-7,
and June 21-24, 2020 in 133 Brazilian urban areas. Multi-stage sampling was used to select 250 individuals in
each city to undergo a rapid antibody test. Subjects answered a questionnaire on household assets, schooling
and self-reported skin color/ethnicity using the standard Brazilian classification in five categories: white, black,
brown, Asian or indigenous. Principal component analyses of assets was used to classify socioeconomic
position into five wealth quintiles. Poisson regression was used for the analyses.

Results. 25 025 subjects were tested in the first, 31 165 in the second, and 33 207 in the third wave of the
survey, with prevalence of positive results equal to 1.4%, 2.4%, and 2.9% respectively. Individuals in the poor-
est quintile were 2.16 times (95% confidence interval 1.86; 2.51) more likely to test positive than those in the
wealthiest quintile, and those with 12 or more years of schooling had lower prevalence than subjects with less
education. Indigenous individuals had 4.71 (3.65; 6.08) times higher prevalence than whites, as did those with
black or brown skin color. Adjustment for region of the country reduced the prevalence ratios according to
wealth, education and ethnicity, but results remained statistically significant.

Conclusions. The prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Brazil shows steep class and ethnic
gradients, with lowest risks among white, educated and wealthy individuals.

Epidemiology: coronavirus infections; surveys and questionnaires; social inequity; Brazil.

 

The COVID-19 pandemic is hitting Latin American coun-
tries with great intensity. As of 16 September 2020, Brazil is
the second country in the world, after the United States, in
the absolute number of deaths (https: / /coronavirus,jhu.edu/
map.html). Over 1 000 deaths continue to occur on most days
(https: / /covid saude. gov. br).

 

! Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Pelotas, Brazil. Ed Bernardo L Horta,
blhortaDgmail.com

In Brazil, prominent COVID-19 cases, including state gover-
nors and more recently President Jair Bolsonaro (http://www.
bbecom/news/ world-latin-america-53319517), led to a dissem-
inated impression that the epidemic affects Brazilian society as
a whole, without distinction of class or ethnic group. If true, this
finding would be in sharp contrast with data from high-income

 

original work is properly cited. No modificatians or commercial uscof this article are permitod. mamy reproduction of his article there should not be any suggestion that PAHO or this articlcendarse any specific organization

3) Ts is an open access article distributed under the terms of lho Creative Commons Attributior- NonCommerial-NoDerivs 30 IGO License, which permits us, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, providod the

or products. The use ofihe PAHO lego is not permited. This notico should be preserved along wilh the artclo's original URL.

Rev Panam Salud Publica 44, 2020 | www.paho.org/journal | https://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135 1
Original research

countries, where the pandemic is disproportionally affect-
ing ethnic minorities and poor populations (1). In the United
States (https: //www.nytimes.com /interactive/2020 /07/05/
us/coronavirus-latinos-african-americans-cde-data.html),
African-Americans and Latinos are suffering from higher
disease incidence and mortality than whites, according to
reported cases. A study carried out in the Oxford Royal Col-
lege of General Practitioners Research and Surveillance Centre
network observed that black people and those living in the
more deprived areas were more likely to test positive for
SARS-CoV-2 (2). Another study in the United Kingdom (3)
reported that non-white ethnicity and higher deprivation scores
were strongly associated with increased COVID-19 mortality. In
contrast, the large national surveys carried out in Spain did not
find either nationality or education as risk factors for the pres-
ence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 (4).

We were only able to locate a single study of ethnic or social
inequalities in COVID-19 in low- or middle-income countries.
Baqui et al (5) described that in Brazil, COVID-19 hospital
case-fatality was higher among individuals classified with black
or with mixed ancestry, compared to whites (5). A commentary
on this publication argued, without providing new data, that
living conditions of Brazil's poor would make them more vul-
nerable to COVID-19 morbidity and mortality (6). Their study
did not include a sufficient number of indigenous individuals
for analyses.

We were unable to locate any population-based study from
low or middle-income countries on social and ethnicinequalities
in COVID-19 morbidity or mortality. The present analyses were
aimed at assessing socioeconomic and ethnic group inequalities
in prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in 133 senti-
nel cities throughout Brazil, as part of the EPICOVID-19 study
(www.epicovidl9brasil.org).

METHODS

In this cross-sectional study, three population-based
repeated serological surveys were carried out in 133 Brazil-
ian sentinel cities in Brazil's 27 federative units. The cities
included Brasilia, 26 state capitals and the largest cities in
each of the country's intermediate regions, as defined by the
Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE). In each
city, 25 urban census tracts were selected with probability
proportionate to size, and 10 households were randomly sam-
pled in each tract. In each sampled household, all residents
were listed, and one was randomly selected to be tested. If the
selected individual refused to provide a blood sample, a sec-
ond household member was randomly selected. If this person
also refused, the interviewers moved on to the next household
to the right of the one that had been originally selected. The
next household to the right was also selected in case of absent
tesidents. In the present manuscript, we pooled the data from
the three survey waves that took place on May 14-21, June
4-7, and June 21-24, 2020. With 250 individuals per city, the
margins of error (approximately two standard errors) for esti-
mating prevalence figures of 2%, 5% and 10% are respectively
1.77, 2:70, and 3.79 percent points, and at national level, with
total sample size of 33 250, the corresponding margins of error
are 0.15, 0.24 and 0.33.

The WONDFO SARS-CoV-2 Antibody Test (Wondfo Biotech
Co., Guangzhou, China) was used to evaluate the presence of

Horta et al. * Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Brazil

antibodies for SARS-CoV-2, using finger prick blood samples.
At the time of the first survey, this was the only test available
in the country in large numbers, and over 100 000 tests were
provided to the study by the Ministry of Health. The test detects
immunoglobulins of both IgG and IgM isotypes specific to
SARS-CoV-2 antigens in a lateral flow assay. The assay reagent
consists of colloidal gold particles coated with recombinant
SARS-CoV-2 antigens. Following the introduction of the blood
sample, reactive antibody:antigen:colloidal gold complexes, if
present, are captured by antibodies against human IgM and
IgG present on the “test” (T) line in the kit's window, leading to
the appearance of a dark-colored line. Valid tests are identified
by a positive control line (C) in the same window. If this control
line is not visible, the test is deemed non-conclusive, which is
uncommon.

The rapid test underwent independent validation stud-
jes that used RT-PCR as the gold standard. According to the
manufacturer, it has a sensitivity of 86.4% and specificity of
99.6% (https: / /en.wondfo.com cn /product/wondfo-sars-cov-
2antibody-test-lateral-flow-method-2/). A validation study
carried out by the National Institute for Quality Control in
Health (INCOS, Oswaldo Cruz Foundation, RJ, Brazil) showed
a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 98.7%. Whitman et al
evaluated 10 different lateral flow assays (7) and reported that
the Wondfo test had a sensitivity of 81.5% and specificity of
99.1%. A validation study carried out by our research group
observed a sensitivity of 77.1% and specificity of 98.0% (8).
By pooling the results from the four validation studies,
weighted by sample sizes, sensitivity is estimated at 84.8%
(95% CI 81.4%;87.8%) and specificity at 99.0% (95% CI 97.8%;
99.7%) (8).

Participants answered short questionnaires including socio-
demographic information (sex, age, schooling, skin color,
household size and household assets), COVID-19-related
symptoms, use of health services, compliance with social dis-
tancing measures and use of masks. Due to the presence of
widespread multiethnic population, the official Brazilian clas-
sification of ethnicity recognizes five groups, based on the
question: “How do you classify yourself in terms of color or
race?” The five response optionsare “white”, “brown” (“pardo”
in Portuguese), “black”, “yellow (Asian)” and “indigenous”.
Interviewers were instructed to check the “yellow” option
when the respondent mentions being of Asian descent, and
“indigenous” when any of the multiple first nations are men-
tioned. The “brown” category reflects mixed ancestry including
European, African and/or indigenous backgrounds. This sys-
tem is endorsed by the Afro-descendants movement, which
advocates for disaggregation of all national statistics to raise
their visibility (9). Socioeconomic position was assessed using
a wealth index derived through principal component analy-
ses of household assets (10). The first component was divided
into quintiles. Achieved schooling was recorded as the highest
grade completed successfully.

Field workers used tablets to record the full interviews,
register all answers, and photograph the test results. The ques-
tionnaire was applied before the test result was disclosed to
each participant. Inconclusive tests were repeated, and 35 sub-
jects presented a non-conclusive result in the second test, which
were treated as missing values. AIL positive or inconclusive
tests were read by a second observer, as well as 20% of the neg-
ative tests.

 

2 Rev Panam Salud Publica 44, 2020 | www.paho.orgiournal | https://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135
Horta et al. + Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Brazil

Interviewers were tested and found to be negative for the
virus and were provided with individual protection equipment
that was discarded after visiting each home.

We used Stata 15 for the analyses. Proportions of positive tests
according to region, sex, wealth quintiles, achieved schooling
and skin color were compared using the chi-squared test. For
ordinal variables, both in bivariate and multivariate analyses,
we estimated the p-value for linear trend and for heterogeneity,
and presented the one with the lower p-value. We also strati-
fied the analyses of seroprevalence according to socioeconomic
variables by region of the country (North; Northeast; Southeast;
South and Center-West), using Poisson regression with robust
variance to estimate prevalence ratios. AII analyses controlled
for the cluster-sampling design using svy prefix.

Ethical approval was obtained from the Brazilian's National
Ethics Committee (process number CA AE 30721520.7.1001.5313),
with written informed consent from all adult participants; for
minors, written consent was provided by parents or caregivers,
and assent forms were also signed by the child or adolescent
(provided that they were literate). The dataset is stored in anon-
ymous form. Positive cases were reported to the municipal
COVID-19 surveillance systems.

RESULTS

In the three waves of the seroprevalence survey, 89 397 sub-
jects were tested and 35 individuals with inconclusive test
results in the test and retest were excluded from the analyses.
Therefore, in the present study we evaluated 89 362 subjects.
The response rates were 544%, 52.6% and 55.6% in the three
waves, mainly due to the fact that the whole family was away
from home when the visit took place. The prevalence of positive
results was 1.4%, 2.4%, and 2.9% in the first, second and third
surveys, respectively.

Table 1 shows that the proportion of males and young sub-
jects in the studied population was below what was expected
on the basis of the national population. Concerning skin color,
most of the studied subjects reported being mixed (brown) or
white and only 1.4% self-identified as indigenous. The propor-
tion of subjects who reported being white was lower than the
national estimates.

In the three phases of the study, there were 2 064 positive
tests (2.31%) among the 89 362 subjects with valid test results.
Table 2 shows that the proportion of positive tests was higher
in the North region (6.7%), whereas in the Southern region only
0.2% of the studied subjects had a positive test.

Results for unadjusted analyses, and analyses with adjust-
ment for age and sex, were very similar. Antibody prevalence
was inversely associated with wealth quintiles; compared to
the wealthiest, the poorest were about twice as likely to present
antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. For schooling, the association
was not linear, but subjects with 12 or more years of schooling
were less likely to present positive tests than any of the other
groups. The largest prevalence ratio were observed in the com-
parison between indigenous and white individuals, with a near
five-fold ratio. Whites were less likely to test positive than any
ethnic group, followed by Asians.

Because the proportion of individuals with antibodies against
SARS-CoV-2 was higher in the Northem (Amazon) region,
where indigenous and poor populations are concentrated, we
carried out additional analyses with further adjustment for the

Original research

TABLE 1. Distribution of the study sample according to
socioeconomic and demographic characteristics

 

Region
North 16013 179 88
Northeast 26809 299 272
Southeast 21860 245 421
South 14888 167 143
Center-West 9792 110 78

Sex
Male 37309 “8 51.7
Female 52053 582 483

Age (years)
<9 4283 48 129
10-19 8024 90 153
20-39 27485 308 332
40-59 28402 317 248
60+ 21188 237 137

Color / ethnicity
White 32383 370 452
Brown 40088 459 451
Black 11304 129 89
Asian 2446 28 05
Indigenous 1219 14 04

Schooling (in years)
<4 14128 194
5-8 13208 182
9-1 28315 390
212 17013 234

Wealth quintles
Poorest 20976 235
om 16560 185
gu 17325 194
am 17262 193
Richest 17230 193

Total ao 362

 

Souree: prepared by authors from the results.
= Subgets 20 years were excluded.

» For Colarethniiy, he total does not sum to 88 362 because of missing data (n=1 922), and for wealth quites.
Information vas missing for 9 subjects For schoaling, information was missing for 4 411 subject.

five regions of the country. In these analyses, the prevalences
of seropositivity were still lower in the richest quintile, but the
magnitude of the prevalence ratio decreased. Indigenous indi-
viduals still showed higher prevalence than whites (prevalence
ratio: 2.25; 95% CI 1.74; 2.91), as did individuals classified as
black or brown.

Table 3 shows that in the Northem region, in spite of the
decrease in the magnitudes of the associations compared to the
national analyses (Table 2), the inverse associations with wealth
remained significant, and the higher prevalence among indig-
enous and brown subjects compared to whites also persisted.
In the Northeastern region, seroprevalence was also inversely
associated with wealth, but not with ethnicity. Prevalence for
indigenous subjects were 2.27 times higher than for whites. In
the remaining regions, where prevalence was low at the time of
the surveys, we did not observe any clear pattern of association
with wealth, but black and brown subjects had significantly
higher risks than whites. Consistent results were observed for
education in all regions, with lower risk for subjects with 12 or
more years of schooling than for the other groups.

Table 4 shows that the even after controlling for region and
socioeconomic status, the seroprevalence remained signifi-
cantly higher among indigenous, brown and black subjects.

Rev Panam Salud Publica 44, 2020 | www.paho.org/journal | https://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135 3
Original research

Horta et al. * Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Brazil

TABLE 2. Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 according to socioeconomic and demographic characteristics

 

 

 

 

 

Region p<0.001º p<0.001

North 1065 67 31.94 (21.09; 48.38) 33.26 (21.94; 50.41)
Northeast 776 29 13.90 (944; 21.14) 14.15 (930; 21.52)
Southeast 149 07 3.27 (2.10:5.11) 3.27 (2.10:5.10)
South 3 02 Reference (1) Reference (1)

Center-West 43 04 2141(1.28; 3.48) 244 (129:3.52)

Wealth quintiles p<0.001 p<0.001 p<0.00%
Poorest 621 30 2.16 (1.86; 2.52) 2.16 (186;2.51) 1.48 (1.23;1.66)
om 449 27 1.98 (1.68; 2.33) 1.98 (1.69; 2.31) 1.48 (1.27: 1.73)
gu 389 28 1.84 (1.40; 1.92) 1.84 (1.39; 1.92) 1.39(119;1.88)
4 369 21 1.56 (1.33; 1.84) 1.56 (1.33; 1.88) 1.44 (1.23; 1.89)
Richest 236 14 Reference (1) Reference (1) Reference (1)

Schooling (years)* p<0.00% p<0.001º p<0.001
<4 326 28 1.55(1.31: 1.88) 1.84 (1,54; 2.20) 1.46 (1241:
5-8 347 26 1.77 (1.49; 2,09) 1.90 (1.61; 2.26) 172(146;2.
9-1 722 26 171(149; 1.98) 171(148;1.97) 1.46 (127:1.
212 253 15 Reference (1) Reference (1) Reference (1)

Color / ethnicity p<0.001 p<0.00% p<0.00%
White 372 12 Reference (1) Reference (1) Reference (1)
Brown 1237 31 2.69 (2.39; 3.02) 2.71 (241: 3.05) 1.49 (1.32; 1.68)
Black 282 25 247(1.86; 2.53) 2.48 (187:2.54) 1.36 (116; 1.59)
Asian 52 21 1.85 (1.38; 2.48) 1.86 (1.39; 2.49) 1.10 (0.82; 1.49)
Indigenous 66 54 4.71 (8.65; 6.08) 4.78 (2,67: 6.11) 2.25 (1.74: 2.90)

Source: prepared by authors from the results.

* Subjects < 20 years were excluded

"test for heterogeneity

“test for near trend

TABLE 3. Prevalence and prevalence ratio of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 according to socioeconomic and demographic

characteristics, stratified by region of the country

Results by

  

Wealth quintiles p=0.08º
Poorest 4985 355 71 187(111:188) 7788 28
2m 328 DB 67 129(108:181) 572 19
gu 2820 184 65 1.25(102/154) 5260 156
am 257 484 TA AST(LOMITO) 440 128
Richest 2879 124 52  Reference(1) 358 67

Schooling (yr)? p=0.01º
<4 2467 159 73 132(105:186) 45 139
5-8 2020 1457 78 140(112/175) 8859 149
9-1 5303 975 70 1.25(104:/150) 8780 256
212 2682 149 56  Reference(1) 3960

Color/ethnicity p<0.001€
White 2729 483 49  Reference(1) 6418 158
Brown 10052 730 73 149(128/176) 14048 410
Black 1954 16 59 122(098:151) 4400 131
Asian 524 20 38 0.78(050:122) ss 27
Indigenous 400 42 405 215(158:293) 38 22

FERE!

ESTE
prevalence ratio

(E) (95% CI)

 

 

p=0.004º p=0.38º
30 159(121; 8203 35 04 1.07(068:1.68)
34 1.80(1.35; 7545 37 05 1.23(080;1.88)
30 159(119; 9243 49 05 1.33(088/201)
29 1.55(1.16,24 10281 57 06 1.39(096;201)
19 Reference(1) 11268 45 04  Reference(1)

p<0.00%º p=0.002º
30 170(129223) 788 28 04 119(070:204)
39 246(168:295) 789 41 06 1.76(1.08,285)
29 1.63(127; 14140 91 06 2.02(1.34;804)
18 Refrence(1) 103602 33 03  Reference(1)

p=0.01€ p=0.002*
25 Reference(l) 2828 81 04 Reference (1)
29 1149(098:144) 15988 97 06  1.74(1.28:238)
30 121(095:154) 4950 35 07  203(133:309)
32 131(086/200) 108 5 05  132(054824)
56 2.27(1.44;3260) 426 2 05  1.35(033547)

 

Souree: prepared by authors from the results.
* Subject < 20 yeais were excluded as most were stllat school
test for lneartrend

“test or heterogenelty

DISCUSSION

Our study is the largest population-based serological
survey for antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in low- and middle-
income countries, and only comparable to the national surveys
carried out in Spain (4). Our findings show that the COVID-19
pandemic is hitting harder at the poorest and disadvantaged

groups in Brazil. The proportions of individuals with positive
tests was higher among indigenous, black and brown subjects
compared to whites, as well as being inversely associated with
socioeconomic position.

Concerning ethnic inequalities in health and nutrition in
Brazil, several studies have reported that indigenous chil-
dren and adolescents show higher mortality than other ethnic

Rev Panam Salud Publica 44, 2020 | www.paho.orgiournal | https://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135
Horta et al. + Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Brazil

TABLE 4. Prevalence ratio of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2
according to color/ethnicity

[ee Rel]

Color/ethnicity

Unadjusted dfor region Adjusted for region

and wealth quintil

p<0.001:
Reference (1)

p<0.00%
Reference (1)

p<0.001

white Reference (1)

Brown 289(239:302) 1.46(1.30:1.65)  1.48(1.27:1.62)
Black 217(186:253)  1.35(146:158) 1.32(113:1,54)
Asian 1.85(1.38;248)  110(0.82:148) 1.08 (0.81;1.45)
Indigenous — 471(265:608)  225(1.742291) 217(1.68/281)

 

Souree: prepared by authors from the results.
»est or heterageneiy

groups (11), and that similar gaps are also observed for adult
mortality (12). Indeed, there is overwhelming evidence that
indigenous populations have been left behind when health
conditions improved in Brazil in the recent past (13). It would
be surprising if COVID-19 turned out to be different from other
existing health conditions.

It has been reported that COVID-19 is hitting hard at rural
indigenous villages in reservations (14), but there are no
comparisons with other ethnic groups. As mentioned in the
Introduction, Baqui et al (5) found that COVID-19 hospital
case-fatality was higher among individuals classified with
black and with mixed ancestry, compared to whites. This study
was based on a public dataset on hospitalizations and only a
few subjects were identified as indigenous, and for this reason
the case fatality among them was not estimated (5).

Because the magnitude of the association of seroprevalence
for COVID-19 and skin color decreased after controlling for
region of the country, the five-fold difference observed in anti-
body prevalence between indigenous and white subjects had
been partly inflated by place of residence. Yet, even after adjust-
ment for region, indigenous individuals were about twice as
likely as whites to present antibodies against SARS-CoV-2,
and in the national analyses including adjustment for region
of the country and socioeconomic status, the prevalence ratio
remained at around two.

The interpretation of these analyses suggests that indig-
enous subjects were at substantially higher risk than other
ethnic groups. This was partly due to the fact that they were
concentrated in the Amazon region, where prevalence was
the highest in the country at the time of the surveys, and also
because their living standards were the lowest when compared
to other groups. Nevertheless, their increased risk persisted in
the stratified and adjusted analyses for socioeconomic status.
Future studies will need to investigate the mechanisms behind
this association.

In terms of ethnicity, the “brown” or “pardo” category had
the second highest prevalence among the five groups. This cat-
egory includes individuals who self-report has having mixed
ancestry. Genomic ancestry studies (15) show that in the North-
ern city of Belém self-classified brown individuals had, on
average, 69% European ancestry, followed by 21% Amerindian
ancestry and 11% African ancestry, while in the South they had
on average 44% European, 11% Amerindian and 45% African
ancestries. Therefore, the evidence suggests that brown subjects
in the North -among whom seroprevalence was 7.1%- were
genetically closer to Amerindians than was the case for the
same group in other parts of the country.

     
 

Original research

With respect to the study limitations, the use of rapid serologi-
cal tests for clinical decision-making and for defining individuals
as immune to COVID-19 has been criticized. But the use of such
tests to estimate the seroprevalence is much less controversial,
provided the test has been validated (16, 17). The rapid test used
in our study (Wondfo SARS-CoV-2 antibody test) underwent
different validation studies using RT-PCR as the gold standard,
including one carried out by our own team. These studies esti-
mated the test's sensitivity and specificity at 84.8% and 99.0%,
respectively. It has been suggested that using capillary blood to
estimate seroprevalence tends to increase the rate of false neg-
ative results (18); however, this finding has not been replicated
by other studies (19). Furthermore, our validation study (8) used
capillary blood and the observed sensitivity was similar to that
reported in another studies. Therefore, this should not be con-
sidered as a main study limitation as all population subgroups
should be affected. Recent evidence suggests that antibody levels
against SARS-CoV.2 fall rapidly over a few weeks, regardless of
the type of test used (20); therefore, our results correspond to rela-
tively recent infections rather than cumulative prevalence. Again,
all population subgroups are likely to be similarly affected.

The restriction of the sample to sentinel sites that are the
larger and more developed cities should not be considered as a
major limitation, as we are not trying to estimate the prevalence
of the infection in the whole country, but its association with
socioeconomic and demographic characteristics.

Due to logistic difficulties including a massive fake news
campaign through social media, it was not possible to complete
the first round of the study in 87 cities, so that the sample size
was 25 025 instead of the planned 33 250 tests. These difficulties
were overcome in the next two rounds, when the intended sam-
ple size was nearly achieved.

Concerning selection bias, the response rates of around 54%
are similar to that reported in the Spanish survey (59.5%) and
higher than achieved in national surveys in Iceland and Austria,
both of which had response rates of about one third of the
intended sample (21). The higher proportion of female in the
studied sample could be due to the fact that males were less like
to comply with the stay at home recommendations. The most
frequent reason for non-response was the fact that the whole
family was away from home when the visit took place, which
may be associated with temporary moves to smaller towns or
to rural area, as larger cities were more strongly hit by the pan-
demic in the early phases. Regarding indigenous populations,
it should be noted that our sample was restricted to those liv-
ing in urban areas. Lastly, our sample had fewer children than
expected, which was probably due to their reluctance to undergo
a finger prick when randomly selected within the household; in
these cases, a second person was randomly selected and if that
person also refused the household was replaced.

In summary, the analyses of the three waves of national
serological surveys in Brazil showed important inequalities in
the prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 according to
family wealth, education and ethnic groups. Contrary to the
initial impressions that COVID-19 would strike all groups in
Brazilian society with similar intensity, our analyses show that
individuals from poor families and with little schooling were
at higher risk of having been infected. In terms of ethnicity
or skin color, whites had the lowest risk, whereas indigenous
subjects and those with black or brown skin color were most
affected (22).

  

Rev Panam Salud Publica 44, 2020 | www.paho.org/journal | https://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135 5
Original research

Authors” contributions. BLH, MES, PCH, CGV conceived
the study, analyzed the data, wrote /reviewed the manuscript.
AJDB, FCB, FPH, MSD, AMBM contributed with data analy-
sis, interpreted the results, and reviewed the manuscript. All
authors reviewed and approved the final version.

Funding. The study was funded by the Brazilian Ministry
of Health, Instituto Serrapilheira, Brazilian Collective Health
Association and the JBS SA initiative Fazer o Bem Faz Bem. The

Horta et al. * Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Brazil

sponsors did not influence in any way the design, the data collec-
tion, the analysis, the writing, and the decision to publish these
results.

Conflict of interests. None declared.
Disclaimer. Authors hold sole responsibility for the views

expressed in the manuscript, which may not necessarily reflect
the opinion or policy of the RPSP/PAJPH and/or PAHO.

REFERENCES

Marmot M. Society and the slow burn of inequality. Lancet.

2020;395(10234):1413-14. doi:10.1016/50140-6736(20)30940-5

de Lusignan S, Dorward ], Correa A, et al. Risk factors for SARS-

CoV-2 among patients in the Oxford Royal College of General

Practitioners Research and Surveillance Centre primary care net-

work: a cross-sectional study. Lancet Infect Dis. 2020. doi:https://

doi.org /10.1016/51473-3099(20)30371-6

Williamson EJ, Walker AJ, Bhaskaran K, etal. OpenSAFELY: factors

associated with COVID-19 death in 17 million patients. Nature.

2020. doi: 10.1088/541586-020-2521-4

Pollán M, Pérez-Gómez B, Pastor-Barriuso R, et al. Prevalence

of SARS-CoV-2 in Spain (ENE-COVID): a nationwide, popula-

tion-based seroepidemiological study. Lancet. 2020. doi:10.1016/

S0140-6736(20)31483-5

Baqui P, Bica 1 Marra V, Ercole A, van der Schaar M. Ethnic and

regional variations in hospital mortality from COVID-19 in Brazil:

a cross-sectional observational study. Lancet Glob Health. 2020.

doi:10.1016/52214-109X(20)30285-0

. Ribeiro H, Lima VM, Waldman EA. In the COVID-19 pandemic

in Brazil, do brown lives matter? Lancet Glob Health. 2020.
doi:10.1016/52214-109X(20)30314-4

7. Whitman JD, Hiatt], Mowery CT, et al. Test performance evaluation

of SARS-CoV-2 serological assays, 2020. (unpublished)

. Pellanda LC, Wendland EM, McBride AJA, et al. Sensitiv-

ity and specificity of a rapid test for assessment of exposure to

SARS-CoV-2 in a community-based setting in Brazil. medRxiv.

2020:2020.05.06.20093476. doi:10.1101/2020.05.06.20093476

PetrucelliJL, Saboia AL. Características étnico-raciais da população:

classificação e identidades. Rio de Janeiro: Instituto Brasileiro de

Geografia e Estatística (IBGE); 2013.

10. Barros AJ, Victora CG. A nationwide wealth score based on the 2000
Brazilian demographic census. Rev Saude Publica. 2005;39(4):523-9.
doi:10.1590/50034-89102005000400002

11. Campos MB, Borges GM, Queiroz BL, Santos RV. Differences in

mortality between indigenous and non-indigenous persons in

Brazil based on the 2010 Population Census. Cad Saude Publica.

2017:33(5):e00015017. doi:10.1590/10.1590/0102-311x00015017

»

s

e

a

 

 

so

o

12. Santos RV, Borges GM, Campos MB, et al. Indigenous children
and adolescent mortality inequity in Brazil: What can we learn
from the 2010 National Demographic Census? SSM Popul Health.

2020;10:100537. doi: 10.1016/] ssmph.2020.100537

Coimbra CEA, Santos RV. Emerging health needs and epidemi-

ological research in indigenous peoples in Brazil. In: Salzano FM,

Hurtado AM, editors. Lost paradises and the ethics of research and

publication. Oxford: Oxford University Press; 2004. p. 89-109.

14. Jardim PATC, Dias IMÁV, Grande AJ, et al. COVID-19 experi-
ence among Brasil s indigenous people. Rev Assoc Med Brasil.
2020:66:861-63

15. Pena SD, Di Pietro G, Fuchshuber-Moraes M, et al. The genomic

ancestry of individuals from different geographical regions of

Brazil is more uniform than expected. PLOS One. 2011;6(2):e17063.

doi:10.1371 /journal.pone.0017063

Bryant JE, Azman AS, Ferrari MJ, et al. Serology for SARS-CoV-2:
rehensions, opportunities, and the path forward. Sci Immunol.

2020;5(47). doi:10.1126/sciimmunolabcó347

17. Theel ES, Slev P, Wheeler 5, et al. The Role of Antibody Testing for
SARS-CoV-2: Is There One? ] Clin Microbiol. 2020. doi:10.1128/
jem.00797-20

18. Santos VAD, Rafael MM, Sabino EC, Duarte A. Sensitivity of the
Wondfo One Step COVID-19 test using serum samples. Clinics (Sao
Paulo). 2020,75:2013. doi:10.6061/clinics/2020/e2013

19. Black MA, Shen G, Feng X, etal. Analytical performance of lateral
flow immunoassay for SARS-CoV-2 exposure screening on venous
and capillary blood samples. medRxiv. 2020:2020.05.13.20098426.
doi:10.1101/2020.05.13.20098426

20. Tbarrondo F], Fulcher JA, Goodman-Meza D, et al. Rapid Decay of

Anti-SARS-CoV-2 Antibodies in Persons with Mild Covid-19. N

Engl] Med. 2020;383(11):1085-87. doi:10.1056/NEJMc2025179

Gudbjarisson DF, Helgason A, Jonsson H, et al. Spread of SARS-

CoW-2 in the Icelandic Population. N Engl] Med. 2020. doi:10.1056/

NEJMoa2006100

22. Victora CG, Barreto ML, Leal MC, et al. Health conditions and
health-policy innovations in Brazil: the way forward. Lancet.
2011;377:2042-53

13.

»

 

16.

21.

6 Rev Panam Salud Publica 44, 2020 | www.paho.orgiournal | https://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135
Horta et al. + Prevalence of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Brazil Original research

 

Prevalencia de anticuerpos contra el SARS-CoV-2 según el estatus
socioeconómico y étnico en una encuesta nacional de Brasil

RESUMEN

Palabras clave

Objetivos. Investigar las desigualdades socioeconómicas y entre distintos grupos étnicos en la prevalencia
de anticuerpos contra el SARS-CoV-2 en las 27 unidades federativas del Brasil

Métodos. En este estudio transversal, se realizaron tres encuestas de hogares los días 14-21 de mayo, 4-7
de junio y 21-24 de junio, 2020 en 133 áreas urbanas brasilefas. Se utilizó un muestreo de etapas múltiples
para seleccionar 250 individuos en cada ciudad a fin de someterlos a una prueba rápida de anticuerpos. Los
sujetos respondieron un cuestionario sobre los bienes del hogar, la escolaridad y el color de la piel/etnia (auto-
declarado utilizando la clasificación brasilefia estándar de cinco categorias: blanco, negro, pardo, asiático
o indígena). Se utilizó el análisis de los componentes principales de los bienes para clasificar la posición
socioeconómica en cinco quintiles de riqueza. Se empleó la regresión de Poisson para los análisis.
Resultados. Se analizaron 25 025 sujetos en la primera encuesta, 31 165 en la segunda y 33 207 en la
tercera, que mostraron una prevalencia de resultados positivos de 1,4%, 2,4% y 2,9% respectivamente. Los
individuos del quintil más pobre tuvieron 2,16 veces más probabilidades de presentar un resultado positivo
(intervalo de confianza del 95% 1,86; 2,51) que los del quintil más rico, y los que tenían 12 o más afios de
escolaridad tuvieron una prevalencia menor que los sujetos con menos educación. Las personas indígenas
presentaron una prevalencia 4,71 (3,65; 6,08) veces mayor que las blancas, al igual que las de piel negra
o parda. El ajuste por región del país redujo los índices de prevalencia según la riqueza, la educación y el
origen étnico, pero los resultados siguieron siendo estadísticamente significativos.

Conclusiones. La prevalencia de anticuerpos contra el SARS-CoV-2 en el Brasil muestra gradientes rela-
cionados con la posición socioeconómica y la etnia muy pronunciados, con menor riesgo en las personas
blancas, educadas y ricas.

 
    

Epidemiologia; infecciones por coronavirus; encuestas y cuestionarios; inequidad social; Brasil

 

 

Prevalência de anticorpos contra o SARS-CoV-2 de acordo com o status
socioeconômico e étnico em uma pesquisa nacional no Brasil

RESUMO

Palavras-chave

Objetivos. Investigar as desigualdades socioeconômicas e étnicas na prevalência de anticorpos contra
SARS-CoV-2 nas 27 unidades federativas do Brasil

Métodos. Neste estudo transversal, três pesquisas domiciliares foram realizadas de 14 a 21 de maio, 4 a 7 de
junho, e 21-24 de junho, 2020 em 133 áreas urbanas brasileiras. Amostragem em várias etapas foi utilizada
para selecionar 250 indivíduos em cada cidade para se submeter a um teste rápido de anticorpos. Os sujeitos
responderam a um questionário sobre bens domésticos, escolaridade e cor da pele/etnicidade (auto-relatada
utilizando a classificação padrão brasileira de cinco categorias: branco, preto, pardo, asiático ou indígena).
A análise dos componentes principais dos ativos foi utilizada para classificar a posição socioeconómica em
cinco quintis de riqueza. A regressão de Poisson foi utilizada para as análises.

Resultados. 25 025 indivíduos foram testados na primeira pesquisa, 31 165 na segunda, e 33 207 na terceira,
com prevalência de resultados positivos de 1,4%, 2,4% e 2,9%, respectivamente. Indivíduos no quintil mais
pobre tinham 2,16 vezes (intervalo de confiança de 95% 1,86; 2,51) mais probabilidade de ter um resultado
positivo do que aqueles do quintil mais rico, e aqueles com 12 ou mais anos de escolaridade tinham uma
prevalência menor do que aqueles com menos educação. Os indivíduos indígenas tinham 4,71 (3,65; 6,08)
vezes mais prevalência do que os brancos, assim como aqueles com cor da pele preta ou parda. O ajuste
regional reduziu as taxas de prevalência de acordo com a riqueza, educação e etnia, mas os resultados per-
maneceram estatisticamente significativos.

Conclusões. A prevalência de anticorpos contra a SARS-CoV-2 no Brasil mostra gradientes relacionados
com a posição socioeconómica e a etnia muito acentuados, com os menores riscos entre os indivíduos bran-
cos, educados e ricos.

Epidemiologia; infecções por coronavirus; inquéritos e questionários; iniquidade social; Brasil

 

Rev Panam Salud Publica 44, 2020 | www.paho.org/journal | https://doi.org/10.26633/RPSP.2020.135 7
Rev Saude Publica. 2020;54:75

 

bitpz/Awwmersp.fsp.usp.br/

Correspondência:

Aluisio ) D Barros

R. Mal, Deodoro, 1160 3º piso
96020-220 Pelotas, R$, Brasil
E-mail: abarros.epi gmail.com

  

Recebido: 16 jun 2020
Aprovado: 18 jun 2020

Como citar: Barros AJ, Victora
CG, Menezes AM, Horta BL,
Hartwig FP,
Padrões de distanciamento social
em nove cidades gaúchas: estudo
Epicovidl 9/RS. Rev Saude Publica.
2020;54:75

 

 

Copyright: Este é um artigo de
acesso aberto distribuído sob os
termos da Licença de Atribuição
Creative Commons, que permite
uso irrestrito, distribuição e
reprodução em qualquer meio,
desde que o autor e à fonte
originais sejam creditados.

 

Artigo Original

Revista de
Saúde Pública

Padrões de distanciamento social em nove
cidades gaúchas: estudo Epicovid19/RS

Aluísio J D Barros! (), Cesar G Victora! (D), Ana M B Menezes! (D), Bernardo L Horta! (D), Femando

! (D), Gabriel Victora! (D), Lúcia C Pellanda!! (D), Odir A Dellagostin' (D), Claudio J
Struchiner' (D), Marcelo N Burattini““! (D), Marcelo R Gonçalves“! Ô a G Possuelo* (D),
Liliana P Weber: (D), Sonara Lucia Estima"! (D), Nadêge Jacques! (D), Jenifer Hárter*! (D), Shana
G Silvas (D), Matias Frizzo*" (>), Rosangela C Lima" (5), Fernando C Barros“ (5), Mariângela
F Silveira! (5), Pedro C Hallal! (5)

      

! Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Centro de Pesquisas Epidemiológicas. Pelotas, R$, Brasil

! The Rockefeller University. New York, NY, USA

1 Fundação Universidade Federal de Ciências de Saúde de Porto Alegre. Porto Alegre, RS, Brasil
» Universidade Federal de Pelotas. Centro de Desenvolvimento Tecnológico. Pelotas, R$, Brasil
Y Fundação Getúlio Vargas. Escola de Matemática Aplicada. Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brasil

“ Universidade de São Paulo. Faculdade de Medicina. São Paulo, SP, Brasil

vi Universidade Federal de São Paulo. Hospital São Paulo. São Paulo, SP, Brasil

vi Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul. Porto Alegre, R$, Brasil

'* Universidade de Santa Cruz do Sul. Santa Cruz do Sul, R$, Brasil

* Universidade de Caxias do Sul. Caxias do Sul, R$, Brasil

* Universidade La Salle (Unilasalle). Canoas, R$, Brasil

x! Universidade Federal do Pampa. Uruguaiana, R$, Brasil

*1 Universidade Federal da Fronteira Sul. Passo Fundo, R$, Brasil

*" Universidade Regional do Noroeste do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul (UNIJUÍ. Ijuí, R$, Brasil
xr Universidade Federal de Santa Maria. Santa Maria, R$, Brasil

*Y Universidade Católica de Pelotas. Faculdade de Medicina. Pelotas, R$, Brasil

 

RESUMO

OBJETIVO: Descrever práticas de distanciamento social em nove municípios do Rio Grande
do Sul por sexo, idade, escolaridade e cidade.

MÉTODOS: Foram realizados dois estudos transversais sequenciais representativos da
população urbana nos municípios de Canoas, Caxias do Sul, Ijuí, Passo Fundo, Pelotas,
Porto Alegre, Santa Cruz do Sul, Santa Maria e Uruguaiana com o intuito de estimar a
prevalência populacional de Covid-19. Foi aplicado questionário contendo três perguntas sobre
distanciamento social, cujas práticas foram submetidas a análises descritivas por subgrupos.
Os dados foram comparados por testes qui-quadrado.

RESULTADOS: Em termos de grau de distanciamento social, 25,8% dos entrevistados relataram
estar praticamente isolados e 41,1% indicam praticar bastante distanciamento. Relataram
ficar em casa o tempo todo 20,1% dos entrevistados, e 44,5% informam que saem apenas para
atividades essenciais. Mais da metade dos domicílios não recebe visitas de não moradores.
O grupo que relatou menos distanciamento social foi o de adultos entre 20 e 59 anos, enquanto
mais de 80% dos entrevistados com 60 anos ou mais relataram estar praticamente isolados
ou fazendo bastante distanciamento. As mulheres relataram fazer mais distanciamento que
os homens, e os grupos de maior escolaridade foram os que relataram sair diariamente para
atividades regulares com mais frequência.

CONCLUSÕES: Os grupos mais jovens e maisidosos estão mais protegidos pelo distanciamento
social, mas há grupos bastante expostos, o que pode ser um limitador importante no controle
da progressão da epidemia de Covid-19.

DESCRITORES: Infecções por Coronavirus, prevenção & controle. Conhecimentos, Atitudes e
Prática em Saúde. Comportamentos de Risco à Saúde. Fatores Socioeconômicos. Distanciamento
Social. Estudo de Base Populacional.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810 “
Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

 

“Inloco. Enfrentando a

COVIDI9. São Paulo;

c2020 [citado 26 maio 2020].
Disponível em: http://www.
inloco.com.br/covid-19
“Google. COVID-19: relatórios
de mobilidade da comunidade.
[citado 26 maio 2020].
Disponível em: https:/Awww.
google.com/covidT 9/mobility/
<Hallal PC, Horta BL, Barros
AJD, Dellagostin AO, Hartwig FP,
Pellanda LC, etal. Epidemiologia
da COVID19 no Rio Grande do

Sul: estudo de base populacional.

Pelotas, R$: EPICOVIDI9;
c2020 [citado 26 maio 2020].
Disponível em: hitp:/hwww.
rs.epicovid9brasil.org

INTRODUÇÃO

No Brasil, desde a declaração de pandemia de Covid-19 pela Organização Mundial da Saúde,
em 11 demarço de 2020, estados e municípios, apoiados pelo Ministério da Saúde, começaram
aestabelecer, ainda que com algumas diferenças, políticas e estratégias de distanciamento
social. Rapidamente a maior parte do país passou a adotar medidas restritivas de contato
pessoal, recomendando que as pessoas fiquem em casa, fechando escolas, atividades e
locais que geram aglomerações, como eventos esportivos e shopping centers, e regulando
o funcionamento de estabelecimentos comerciais. Em geral, isso significou fechar boa
parte do comércio, com exceção de supermercados, lojas de alimentos, farmácias e outros
segmentos considerados essenciais!,

Desde o início da pandemia se tem evidenciado que o distanciamento social pode reduzir a
transmissão do Sars-CoV-2, vírus causador da Covid-19, Um estudo em Hong Kong encontrou
redução de44%na taxa de replicação (R,) da epidemia após a implementação de medidas de
distanciamento social, em especial o fechamento de escolas?, Uma metanálise de 29 estudos,
sendo 25 de modelagem, também concluiu que essas medidas podem reduzir a propagação
da Covid-19, principalmente se associadas a ações amplas como fechamento de escolas
e restrição a viagens”, Outra metanálise, que estudou os efeitos da distância e do uso de
máscara e proteção ocular sobre o risco de infecção viral, mostrou que o distanciamento
físico reduz em cerca de 80% a probabilidade de infecção (IC95% risco relativo: 0,10-0,41).
Distâncias acima de um metro já seriam efetivas, mas dois metros são a distância ideal,
e o uso de máscara também se mostrou altamente efetivo”,

No Brasil, utilizando dados da empresa In Loco”, que oferece serviços de inteligência a partir
de dados delocalização, o efeito do distanciamento social sobre a transmissão da epidemia foi
avaliado em três estudos. Um deles encontrou associação inversa entre distanciamento social
e a disseminação da doença e associação positiva entre mobilidade aérea e disseminação.
Clima e características socioeconômicas apresentaram associação fraca”, Outro estudo
mostrou correlação negativa forte (r < —0,7) entre a proporção de pessoas ficando em casa
e R$. O índice de isolamento social calculado pela In Loco também foi utilizado em um
modelo de elasticidade que mostrou que um índice 10% maior implicou em 26% menos
casos de Covid-19, em média. Essa mesma variação se associou a 18% menos mortes”.

Contudo, as fontes de dados de mobilidade, como a In Loco e o Google", não conseguem
caracterizar subgrupos de uma população. Não é possível saber se quem fica em casa são
adultos ou idosos, homens ou mulheres. Assim, usamos dados do estudo Epidemiologia
da Covid-19 no Rio Grande do Sul (Epicovid19/RS)* - cujo objetivo principal é estimar
a prevalência populacional da infecção por Sars-CoV-2 — para apresentar os padrões de
distanciamento social nas nove cidades gaúchas pesquisadas, avaliando diferenças por
cidade, idade, sexo e escolaridade,

MÉTODOS

O estudo está sendo realizado em nove municípios-sentinela do estado do Rio Grande do
Sul, escolhidos por serem os maiores das regiões intermediárias do estado, definidas pelo
Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estatística (IBGE), mais o segundo maior município da
região metropolitana de Porto Alegre. Os municípios escolhidos no Epicovid19/RS foram
Canoas, Caxias do Sul, Ijuí, Passo Fundo, Pelotas, Porto Alegre, Santa Cruz do Sul, Santa
Maria e Uruguaiana.

Em cada um dos municípios foi selecionada amostra de 500 domicílios a partir de 50 setores
censitários urbanos com probabilidade proporcional ao tamanho, sendo incluídos dez
domicílios por setor, Os domicílios foram selecionados aleatoriamente com base em uma
lista de endereços do IBGE na primeira rodada. Na segunda rodada, os participantes foram
selecionados de forma sistemática, a partir de um pulo de nove domicílios a contar dos

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810 2
Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

 

“Instituto Pesquisas de Opinião.
Porto Alegre, R$: IPO; c2016
[citado 26 maio 2020]. Disponível
em: hitps:/Avwipo.inf.br/

“Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia
e Estatística. Projeções da
População. Rio de Janeiro: IBGE;
2018 [citado 26 maio 2020].
Disponível em: hitps:/Avww.
ibge.gov.br/estatisticas/sociais/
populacao/9109-projecao-da-
populacao.html2=&t=resultados

entrevistados na rodada anterior. Domicílios em que não havia ninguém no momento da
entrevista ou em que houve recusa em participar foram substituídos pelo domicílio vizinho.
Em cadalocal participante os moradores foram listados e um deles selecionado de forma
aleatória para ser entrevistado e testado para Covid-19.

O estudo prevê a realização de quatro rodadas independentes, uma a cada duas semanas.
A primeira e a segunda rodadas aconteceram entre 11 e 13 e entre 25 e 27 de abril de
2020, respectivamente. Foi utilizado teste sorológico rápido que verifica a presença de
imunoglobulinas M (IgM) e G (IgG) com resultado em 15 minutos, validado pelo grupo
de investigadores*, Outros detalhes da metodologia do estudo são apresentados em
outra publicação”,

O questionário utilizado no estudo coleta informações sobre sexo, idade e escolaridade
do entrevistado, escolaridade máxima do domicílio, distanciamento social praticado e
sintomas relacionados a Covid-19, De especial interesse para este trabalho são as três
perguntas sobre distanciamento social: 1) “Com relação ao distanciamento social que
está sendo orientado pelas autoridades de saúde, ou seja, ficar em casa e evitar contato
com outras pessoas, quanto você acha que está conseguindo fazer?”, sendo as possíveis
respostas, lidas para o entrevistado, “muito pouco”, “pouco”, “mais ou menos”, “bastante”,
“praticamente isolado de todo mundo”; 2) “Como tem sido a sua rotina de atividades?” com
as repostas “fica em casa o tempo todo”, “sai apenas para coisas essenciais, como comprar
comida”, “sai de vez em quando para fazer compras e esticar as pernas”, “sai todos os dias
para alguma atividade”, “sai todos os dias, o dia todo, para trabalhar ou outra atividade
regular"; e 3) “Pensando na rotina da casa, quem tem entrado na casa?”, com as respostas
“somente os familiares que moram junto, se tiver, e mais ninguém”, “alguns parentes
próximos visitam de uma a duas vezes por semana”, “alguns parentes próximos visitam
quase que todos os dias”, “amigos, parentes ou outros visitam de uma a duas vezes por
semana”, e “amigos, parentes ou outros visitam quase todos os dias”, Nos casos em que
o morador selecionado era criança menor de 12 anos ou idoso incapaz de responder, as
perguntas foram direcionadas para um adulto responsável.

O trabalho de campo foi realizado pela empresa Instituto Pesquisas de Opinião! com a
colaboração de universidades localizadas nos municípios pesquisados. Os entrevistadores
foram selecionados entre alunos de cursos da área de saúde das universidades parceiras e
foramtreinados a realizar oteste e aplicar o questionário. Todos os requisitos de biossegurança
foram adotados para proteger entrevistadores e participantes.

O protocolo de pesquisa foi aprovado pela Comissão Nacional de Ética em Pesquisa
(processo 30721520.7.1001.5313). Todos os entrevistados ou seus responsáveis assinaram
termo de consentimento livre e esclarecido após receber informações sobre os objetivos e
procedimentos da pesquisa,

As análises apresentadas são essencialmente descritivas, baseadas no cálculo de percentuais
degrupos egráficos de barras. Quandonecessário, as frequências foram comparadas usando
testes qui-quadrado.

RESULTADOS

A Tabela 1 apresenta o número total e por município de entrevistas realizadas nas duas
primeiras rodadas do Epicovid19/RS, nos dias 11-13 e 25-27 deabril, assim como a distribuição
da amostra por sexo, idade e escolaridade. As cidades foram comparadas usando um teste
qui-quadrado. Foram realizadas 8.611 entrevistas, com maior proporção de mulheres, quase
60% da amostra total, Observamos também que a distribuição etária difere expressivamente
da distribuição populacional estimada para 2020 pelo IBGE*, na qual temos 12% para o
grupo etário de 0 a 10 anos, 13% para o grupo de 11 a 19 anos, 30% para o de 20 a 39 anos,
26% para o de 40 a 59 anos e 19% para o grupo de 60 anos ou mais. Em nossa amostra há

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810 E
RSP

Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas

Barros AJ et al

 

muito menos crianças e adolescentes e um excesso de idosos, provavelmente pela ausência
de pessoas no domicílio na hora da entrevista e recusas para fazer o teste que envolve uma
punção de polpa digital. Entretodos os domicílios abordados, 9% se recusaram a participar
e 11% foram substituídos, na maioria das vezes por não haver ninguém em casa,

Em termos de grau de distanciamento social, a resposta mais frequente foi “bastante”,
com 41,1% (Tabela 2). A resposta menos frequente foi “muito pouco”, com 5,8%. Os que se
disseram estar praticamente isolados foram 25,8%.

Tabela 1. Distribuição da amostra por município de residência, sexo, idade e escolaridade para as rodadas 1 e 2. Epicovid1 9/RS, abril de 2020.

 

 

Canoas E Ijuí E, Pelotas Alegre ea uia Uruguaiana — Todas

N total 832 1000 923 1.000 1000 8% 1.000 961 999 8.611
Sexo (p = 0112)

Masculino 45,2 432397 0 41,3 395 39,8 42,5 39,8 39,2 4a

Feminino 54,8 568 6,4 587 6,5 602 57,5 60,3 60,8 58,9
Idade (p < 0,001)

o-10 18 3,4 3,5 31 40 25 39 2,9 46 33

11-19 28 6,3 49 SA 45 27 56 51 6,2 49

20-39 30,4 264 280 3240 281 26,3 26,7 30,9 23,9 281

40-59 33,5 347 306 308 328 349 33,3 318 33,2 32,9

260 315 291 33,1 287 306 336 30,5 292 32,0 30,9
Escolaridade do respondente (p < 0,001)

Fundamental (0-4 anos) 57 5,5 75 34 Z,0 33 6,5 4 51 5,3

Fundamental (> 5 anos) 25,6 297 33 279 296 187 341 230 34,8 287

Médio 33,8 319 312; 313 315 298 28,9 31,7 35,6 31,7

Superior incompleto 12,8 123 87 9,8 9,6 ua 9,8 11,0 71 109,2

Ea nao 222 20,7 193 276 224 370 20,7 30,3 17,3 241

pós-graduação

Nota: Valores p se referem à comparação entre municípios usando teste qui-quadrado.

Tabela 2. Distribuição dos três indicadores de distanciamento social para as rodadas 1 e 2. Epicovid19/

RS, abril de 2020.

 

 

N %o 1€ 95%
Com relação ao distanciamento social, quanto está fazendo?
Isolado 2.225 25,8 246 274
Bastante 3.538 Eu 39,8 423
Mais ou menos 1.698 19,7 18,8 20,7
Pouco 648 75 6,9 82
Muito pouco 502 5,8 53 6,4
Como tem sido a rotina de atividades?
Fica em casa o tempo todo 1.727 20,1 19,1 MA
Sai apenas para coisas essenciais como comprar comida 3.836 44,5 43,3 45,9
Sai de vez em quando para compras e esticar as pernas 894 10,4 9,6 112
Sai todos os dias para alguma atividade 485 5,6 51 6,2
as o o dia todo, para trabalhar ou outra 1669 19,4 183 205
Quem tem entrado na casa?
Só os familiares que moram junto, se tiver, e mais ninguém 4.584 53,2 51,6 54,9
Alguns parentes próximos visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana 2.583 30,0 28,7 313
Alguns parentes próximos visitam quase que todos os dias 631 7,3 6,6 81
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana 458 53 48 5,9
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam quase todos os dias 355 41 3,6 47

 

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810 JEM
RSP

Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

Relataram ficar em casa o tempo todo 20,1% dos entrevistados, e a maioria respondeu
que sai apenas para atividades essenciais (44,5%). O grupo que sai todos os dias foi 19,4%
do total (Tabela 2), e suas características foram exploradas para melhor entendê-los.
Predominam homens (54,9%, p < 0,001) e adultos (90,3% entre 20 e 59 anos, p < 0,001)
entre aqueles que relataram sair todos os dias para trabalho ou atividade regular.
Entre os que saem todos os dias, apenas 7,6% têm 60 anos ou mais, contra 36,5% dos
que não saem todos os dias, predominando também indivíduos com escolaridade mais
alta (p < 0,001) - 39,2% dos que saem todos os dias têm nível superior incompleto ou
mais, comparados com 33,1% entre os que não saem todos os dias. Esses resultados são
apresentados na Tabela 3,

Sobre o movimento na casa, mais da metade dos entrevistados relatou não receber ninguém
além dos próprios moradores, e menos de 10% relataram visitas denão parentes,

Analisando os indicadores de distanciamento social por município, idade, sexo e
escolaridade, encontramos diferenças estatisticamente significativas em todos os casos,
Os resultados são apresentados nas Figuras 1 a 4 enas Tabelas 4 a 7, Em relação ao grau de
distanciamento social, Porto Alegre e Santa Maria apresentam o melhor perfil, enquanto
Uruguaiana e Ijuí apresentam situação menos favorável. Na rotina de atividades, não
há grande diferença entre as cidades em relação ao percentual que relata ficar em casa,
mas chama atenção um percentual mais alto de pessoas que passam o dia todo fora de
casa em Ijuí e Passo Fundo. Canoas se destaca em termos de movimento na casa, com a
maior proporção de só moradores e a menor de parentes e outros. Porto Alegre e Santa
Maria figuram logo atrás, em boa situação,

Os padrões de distanciamento social e rotina de atividades apresentam uma forma em U
bem clara em relação à idade (Figura 2), ou seja, os grupos de 20 a 59 anos relatam menos
estar praticamente isolados ou ficar em casa o dia todo. Nota-se nessa faixa etária frequência
considerável de sair o dia todo, todos os dias. A faixa etária de 60 anos ou mais parece
bastante protegida, com mais de 80% relatando estar praticamente isolada oufazer bastante
distanciamento e ficar em casa o dia todo ou sair só para coisas essenciais. O movimento
da casa tem relação menos clara com a idade do respondente, o que é esperado, visto que
dependente muito menos do respondente em si.

Tabela 3. Características dos indivíduos que relataram sair de casa todos os dias, o dia todo, para
atividades regulares. Epicovid19/RS, abril de 2020.

 

Sai todos os dias

 

Sim (%) Não (%)

Sexo (n = 8.611)

Masculino 54,9 378

Feminino 451 622
Idade (n = 8.609)

o-10 03 41

11-19 1,8 5,6

20-39 47 235

40-59 832 304

260 7,6 36,5
Escolaridade do respondente (n = 8.350)

Fundamental (0-4 anos) 2,8 60

Fundamental (> 5 anos) 18,6 31,2

Médio 394 29,8

Superior incompleto 12,3 9,7

Superior completo ou pós-graduação 26,9 234

 

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810
RSP Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

Quanto consegue fazer de distanciamento

Canoas

Caxias do Sul

Ijuí

Passo Fundo
Pelotas

Porto Alegre
Santa Cruz do Sul
Santa Maria

 

| t + t t +
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual

O Ta ES EEE] Mais ou menos
EE Pouco [FT] Muito pouco

 

Canoas

Caxias do Sul

Ijuí

Passo Fundo
Pelotas

Porto Alegre
Santa Cruz do Sul
Santa Maria

Uruguaiana

 

o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual

E emos E saídas essenciais [EE compras e passeio
EE saitodososdias [] Diatodofora

Movimento de pessoas na casa

Canoas

Caxias do Sul

Ijuí

Passo Fundo
Pelotas

Porto Alegre
Santa Cruz do Sul
Santa Maria
Uruguaiana

 

| t + , t +
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual

BE sóis O paes tease TE Pere
Parentes e outros Parentes e outros
BE o ssm E quase todo cia

Nota: Valores p < 0,001 para grau de distanciamento, rotina de atividades e movimento na casa.

 

Figura 1. Indicadores de distanciamento social por município pesquisado utilizando dados das rodadas
1e2. Epicovid19/RS, abril de 2020.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810 E
RSP

Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

Quanto consegue fazer de distanciamento

 

oo
9
g
E
Ss
o 20-39
$
ê
2
40-59
>60
t ! t ! t t
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual
E soro EEE Ss [EE Mais ou menos
EEE Pouco [E] Muito pouco
Rotina de atividades
oo
o 9
8
E
S 20-39
$
ê
2
40-59
>60

 

+ + + + +
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual

E ms E Saícias essenciais [EE] Compras e passeio
[EEE Saitodosos dias [EE] Dia todo fora

Movimento de pessoas na casa

 

o-10
- U-19
8
E
S 20:39
g
S
S 4059
=60
k t t t t t
0 20 40 60 80 100

Percentual
mil; Parentes quase
Só familiares Parentes 1-2 x/sem es q]
mm = E dão cia
Parentes e outros Parentes e outros
mm 1-2 x/sem E quase todo dia
Nota: Valores p < 0,001 para grau de distanciamento, rotina de atividades e movimento na casa.

Figura 2. Indicadores de distanciamento social por grupo de idade do respondente utilizando dados
das rodadas 1 e 2. Epicovid19/RS, abril de 2020.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810 Z
RSP Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

Quanto consegue fazer de distanciamento

 

 

 

 

Masculino
e
g
&
Feminino
k t t 1 t t
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual
E ion DEE Base [E Mais ou menos
EEE Porco E Muito pouco
Rotina de atividades
Masculino
e
g
&
Feminino
k t t t t t
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual
E emos EE saídas essenciais [E compras e passeio
[E Saitodosos dias [EM] Diatodo fora
Movimento de pessoas na casa
Masculino
2
&
Feminino
k t t t t t
o 20 40 60 so 100

Percentual
EE Só familiares E Penes12xsem EI cen quase
Parentes e outros Parentes e outros
BB (Oo sem ED quase todo dia
Nota: Valores p < 0,001 para grau de distanciamento, rotina de atividades e movimento na casa.

Figura 3. Indicadores de distanciamento social por sexo do respondente utilizando dados das rodadas
1e2. Epicovid19/RS, abril de 2020.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810
Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

Quanto consegue fazer de distanciamento

 

” Fundamental
E (0-4 anos)
8
5 Fundamental
ê (z5anos)
e
8 Médio
q
s :
s Superior
5 incompleto
8
8 .
3 Superior
ou pós
| + t + t +
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual

E soco EEE some [EE] Mais ou menos
Pouco Muito pouco
== ES Pp

Rotina de atividades

 

 

v Fundamental
É (0-4 anos)
É Fundamental
2 (z5anos)
8
8 Médio
q
2 :
E Superior
E incompleto
g Superi
& uperior
ou pós
| t t 1 t 1
o 20 40 60 so 100
Percentual

E mos E saídas essenciais [E Compras e passeio
EEE saitodos os cias [E] Dia todo fora

Movimento de pessoas na casa

 

v Fundamental

5 (0-4 anos)

É Fundamental

ê (2 5 anos)

ê

8 Médio

o

8 — Superior

E incompleto

8 Superior

ú ou pós
k t t t t t
o 20 40 60 so 100

Percentual

EE Só iamos EM Pretesiossem ED Eee

Parentes e outros Parentes e outros
mm 1-2 x/sem Ea quase todo dia

 

Figura 4. Indicadores de distanciamento social por escolaridade do respondente utilizando dados das
rodadas 1 e 2. Valores p para grau de distanciamento, rotina de atividades e movimento na casa todos
p<0.001. Epicovidl 9/RS, abril de 2020.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810
RSP

Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas

Barros AJ et al

 

Tabela 4. Indicadores de distanciamento social por município participante do estudo. Epicovid9/RS, abril de 2020.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Canoas E juí Passo pojotas Porto StaCruz Santa Ur ajana
o Sul Fundo Alegre doSul Maria
Com relação ao distanciamento social, quanto está fazendo? (p < 0,001)
Isolado 268 268 229 252 279 340 242 277 20,6
Bastante 42,70 448 395 397 392 49 387 428 42,4
Mais ou menos 155 182 215 201 193 176 226 194 22,5
Pouco 75 5,6 85 9,5 FA! 6,5 7,6 6,6 89
Muito pouco 76 4,6 %7 55 6,5 48 69 36 5,5
Como tem sido a rotina de atividades? (p < 0,001)
Fica em casa o tempo todo 198 227 205 184 205 185 191 20,2 20,6
da essenciais como 435 440 4170 435 478 467 42 478 43,9
a em quando para compras e esticar o =" = a E E 29 x ne
Sai todos os dias para alguma atividade 6,6 5,8 42 38 4,6 6,8 80 47 63
Ee todo, para trabalhar ou 19,1 18,2 25,6 25,5 17,6 125 2” 17,0 17,6
Quem tem entrado na casa? (p < 0,001)
a que moram junto, se tiver, 65,0 474 52,3 48,7 51,8 63,0 475 59,5 a7A
Aguas Partos próximos visitam 1 a 2 vezes 25,8 324 32,8 3,4 325 236 33,6 24,0 33,7
Pa uDe poser próximos visitam quase que 40 9,6 55 10,5 81 50 77 60 85
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam 1 a 2 vezes 30 62 48 62 44 55 61 58 55
Prtes ou outras pessoas visitam quase todos 22 47 46 42 32 30 sá 46 52
Tabela 5. Indicadores de distanciamento social por grupos de idade. Epicovid19/RS, abril de 2020.
Idade (anos)
010 11-19 20-39 40-59 >60
Com relação ao distanciamento social, quanto está fazendo? (p < 0,001)
Isolado 42,9 33,3 16,6 17,6 40,0
Bastante 34,8 37,5 38,5 43,6 42,0
Mais ou menos 11,9 19,7 239 239 12,3
Pouco 66 5,5 11,4 85 34
Muito pouco 38 40 9,6 6,5 22
Como tem sido a rotina de atividades? (p < 0,001)
Fica em casa o tempo todo 58,9 35,9 93 93 34,7
Sai apenas para coisas essenciais como comprar comida 24,4 34,4 41,8 47,2 48,0
Sai de vez em quando para compras e esticar as pernas 91 15,9 19,1 11,0 93
Sai todos os dias para alguma atividade 5,9 6,7 62 7 34
atoa E o dia todo, para trabalhar ou outra 17 71 326 25,5 47
Quem tem entrado na casa? (p < 0,001)
Só os familiares que moram junto, se tiver, e mais ninguém 53,0 454 57,3 54,5 49,5
Alguns parentes próximos visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana 30,3 34,7 273 283 335
Alguns parentes próximos visitam quase que todos os dias 7,32 7,6 62 6,8 89
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana 49 FA! 54 6,4 38
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam quase todos os dias 45 5,2 38 40 44

 

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810
RSP Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

Em relação ao sexo (Figura 3), fica claro que as mulheres apresentam padrão mais favorável
de distanciamento social e de rotina de atividades, com maior proporção de mulheres
praticamente isoladas e ficando em casa o tempo todo. O movimento na casa pouco difere,
apesar da significância estatística, como observado para idade,

Tabela 6. Indicadores de distanciamento social por sexo do entrevistado. Epicovid19/RS, abril de 2020.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sexo
Masculino Feminino
Com relação ao distanciamento social, quanto está fazendo? (p < 0,001)
Isolado 21,3 29,0
Bastante 39,0 42,5
Mais ou menos 22,6 17,7
Pouco 92 6,4
Muito pouco 80 43
Como tem sido a rotina de atividades? (p < 0,001)
Fica em casa o tempo todo 13,7 24,5
Sai apenas para coisas essenciais como comprar comida 40,9 47h
Sai de vez em quando para compras e esticar as pernas 11,5 9,6
Sai todos os dias para alguma atividade 80 40
a o o dia todo, para trabalhar ou outra 25,9 14,8
Quem tem entrado na casa? (p < 0,001)
Só os familiares que moram junto, se tiver, e mais ninguém 54,6 52,3
Alguns parentes próximos visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana 28,0 314
Alguns parentes próximos visitam quase que todos os dias 6,7 7,8
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana 61 48
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam quase todos os dias 47 37
Tabela 7. Indicadores de distanciamento social por escolaridade. Epicovid1 9/RS, abril de 2020.
Escolaridade do respondente
Fundamental Fundamental Médio . Superior
(0-4 anos) (25 anos) incompleto
Com relação ao distanciamento social, quanto está fazendo? (p < 0,001)
Isolado 35,9 36,8 17,0 5,8 45
Bastante 31,4 36,2 20,5 71 48
Mais ou menos 210 41,7 22,0 85 6,8
Pouco 20,5 44,0 20,3 7,2 80
Muito pouco 23,5 46,5 17,3 74 53
Como tem sido a rotina de atividades? (p < 0,001)
Fica em casa o tempo todo 38,3 35,9 9,6 5,8 10,3
Sai apenas para coisas essenciais como comprar comida 29,5 42,2 10,3 52 12,9
Sai de vez em quando para compras e esticar as pernas 15,1 45,6 9,4 53 246
Sai todos os dias para alguma atividade 10,6 45,7 12,4 7,5 23,8
af E o dia todo, para trabalhar ou outra 11,9 48,6 ns 60 221
Quem tem entrado na casa? (p < 0,001)
Só os familiares que moram junto, se tiver, e mais ninguém 41,9 39,5 10,5 43 3,8
Alguns parentes próximos visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana ATA 33,7 9,7 49 44
Alguns parentes próximos visitam quase que todos os dias 53,4 30,4 6,8 5,6 3,9
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam 1 a 2 vezes por semana 56,6 28,3 53 5,6 42
Parentes ou outras pessoas visitam quase todos os dias 62,1 23,5 48 5,7 3,9

 

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810
RSP

Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

A escolaridade do respondente tem clara associação com o distanciamento social e a
rotina de atividades (Figura 4). Se avaliamos o grupo que relatou estar praticamente
isolado ou bastante distanciado, observamos um padrão em U, mas menos marcado do
que para idade, Os indivíduos com ensino médio e superior incompleto são os que menos
aderiram ao distanciamento social. Em contraste, na rotina de atividades os indivíduos
com maior escolaridade tendem a relatar menos a permanência em casa. Na outra ponta
da classificação, os grupos de ensino médio para cima são os que mais relatam sair
diariamente para atividades regulares de trabalho. Restringir essas análises a adultos
eidosos de forma a retirar indivíduos fora da faixa etária potencialmente ocupada não
muda os padrões observados. Finalmente, temos associação clara entre aumento do
percentual de domicílios com movimento exclusivo de familiares e maior escolaridade,
ou seja, os indivíduos com maior escolaridade saem mais de casa, mas restringem mais
a presença de não familiares.

DISCUSSÃO

Este estudo oferece uma perspectiva do distanciamento social em nove municípios do
Rio Grande do Sul e seus padrões por características sociodemográficas. O contexto do
estado é de baixa prevalência de Covid-19, como mostraram as duas primeiras rodadas do
Epicovidl9/RS, com estimativas de 0,05% e 0,13%, respectivamente'?, Entre a primeira e a
segunda rodadas da pesquisa iniciou-se no estado um processo de reabertura controlada
dealguns segmentos do comércio, cujo efeito sobre os indicadores de distanciamento social
deve ser sentido de forma mais evidente a partir da terceira rodada. Do ponto de vista dos
padrões de distanciamento, não houve mudança relevante da primeira para a segunda
rodada, de forma que julgamos melhor usar os dados conjuntamente.

As informações sobre distanciamento e mobilidade se baseiam em relatos e podem
estar sujeitas a vieses de memória ou, mais importante, de expectativa social, No atual
momento, o respondente pode ser sentir constrangido em revelar fraca aderência às
práticas preconizadas para seu município. Nossos resultados, nesse sentido, podem
superestimar o distanciamento social. Outra limitação dos dados refere-se à amostra
não ser representativa do estado, mas baseada em um conjunto selecionado de cidades.
Ainda assim, acreditamos que o quadro apresentado nos oferece um perfil informativo
e útil do comportamento da população nas cidades estudadas, que congregam parcela
significativa dos habitantes do estado,

Pelo relatado, cerca de 65% dos entrevistados aderiram ao distanciamento social e mais
de 80% dos domicílios restringiram as visitas a moradores ou parentes próximos até duas
vezes por semana, Observa-se também que há variações expressivas entre cidades, apesar
de serem todas do mesmo estado. Duas das três cidades com maior percentual de acesso
apenas aos moradores situam-se na região metropolitana, mas a terceira é uma cidade de
menor porte, localizada no centro do estado. Não se identifica de forma clara um padrão
relacionado a porte ou localização geográfica,

Em relação a idade e escolaridade, vemos que crianças, adolescentes eidosos estão mais
protegidos em termos de distanciamento social, estando os adultos de 20 a 59 anos mais
expostos. Esse é um resultado importante, visto o consenso já existente na literatura
sobreidosos e portadores de comorbidades serem os grupos de maior risco para quadros
graves e óbito!-?,

Os mais escolarizados aparecem menos protegidos em nossa análise, dado que evidentemente
o grupo que relata sair de casa todos os dias para atividades regulares é composto
essencialmente por adultos de escolaridade mais alta, predominando homens. Essa
constatação surpreende, visto que se esperaria que este perfil profissional estivesse
trabalhando a distância, em escritório doméstico, e que o trabalhador manual, da construção
ouindústria, estivesse quotidianamente saindo para atividades laborais, Talvez a drástica

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810 ADA
RSP

Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

redução das atividades econômicas possa explicar o achado. Ao mesmo tempo, as casas
de pessoas com maior escolaridade relatam menos circulação de não moradores,

Em conclusão, vemos que os padrões de distanciamento social variam deforma significativa
entreas cidades estudadas eentre subgrupos com diferentes características sociodemográficas.
Os idosos, um dos principais grupos de risco, apresentam os melhores indicadores de
distanciamento, assim como as crianças e os adolescentes, enquanto adultos com maior
nível de escolaridade compõem o grupo com menor adesão ao distanciamento social,

Com a realização das rodadas seguintes do estudo no estado do Rio Grande do Sul será
possível avaliar as mudanças de comportamento que podem ter ocorrido a partir da
flexibilização das medidas restritivas, desde o final de abril de 2020.

REFERÊNCIAS

1. Moraes RF. Medidas legais de incentivo ao distanciamento social: comparação das
políticas de governos estaduais e prefeituras das capitais no Brasil. Brasília, DF: IPEA;
2020 [citado 26 maio 2020. (Nota Técnica; nº 16). Disponível em: https:/Avww.ipea.gou.br/
portal/index.php2option=com content&view=article&id=35462 &ltemid=4

2. Cowling BJ, Ali ST, Ng TWY, Tsang TK, Li JCM, Fong
MW, et al. Impact assessment of non-pharmaceutical interventions against coronavirus
disease 2019 and influenza in Hong Kong: an observational study. Lancet 2020;5(5):e279-88.
https://doi.org/10.1016/52468-2667(20)30090-6

3. Nussbaumer-Streit B, Mayr V, Dobrescu Al, Chapman A, Persad E, Klerings
|, etal. Quarantine alone or in combination with other public health measures to
contro! COVID-19: a rapid review. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2020;4(4):CD013574.
https://doi.org/10.1002/14651858.CDO13574

4. Chu DK, AKLEA, Duda S, Solo K, Yaacoub 5, Schinemann HJ, et al. Physical
distancing, face masks, and eye protection to prevent person-to-person transmission
of SARS-CoV-2 and COVID-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis
[online ahead of print 1 jun 2020]. Lancet. 2020:50140-6736(20)31142-9.
https://doi.org/10.1016/50140-6736(20)31142-9

5. Baumgartner MT, Lansac-Tôhaa FM, Coelho MTP, Dobrovolskic R, Diniz-Filho
JAF. Social distancing and movement constraint as the most likely factors for
COVID-19 outbreak control in Brazil. medRxiv [Preprint]. 2020. [postado 20 maio 2020].
https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.05.02.20088013

6. Oliveira SB, Pôrto VBG, Ganem F, Mendes FM, Almiron M, Oliveira WK, etal.
Monitoring social distancing and SARS-CoV-2 transmission in Brazil using
mobile phone mobility data. medRxiv [Preprint]. 2020. [postado 5 maio 2020].
https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.04.30.20082172

7. Oliveira CA. Does “staying at home” save lives? An estimation of the impacts of
social isolation in the registered cases and deaths by covid-19 in Brazil. SSRN Electron ).
2020. [postado 13 maio 2020]. https:/doi.org/10.2139/ssm.3593947

8. Pellanda LC, Wendland EM, McBride AJA, Tovo-Rodrigues L, Ferreira MRA,
Dellagostin OA, et al. Sensitivity and specificity of a rapid test for assessment of
exposure to SARS-CoV-2 in a community-based setting in Brazil. medRxiv [Preprint).
2020. [postado 10 maio 2020]. https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.05.06.20093476

9. Hallal PC, Horta BL, Barros AJD, Dellagostin OA, Hartwig FP, Pellanda
LC, et al. Evolução da prevalência de infecção por COVID-19 no Rio Grande do Sul:
inquéritos sorológicos seriados. Cienc Saude Coletiva. 2020;25 Supl1:2395-401.
https://doi.org/10.1590/1413-81232020256.1.09632020

10. Silveira MF, Barros AJD, Horta BL, Pellanda LC, Dellagostin OA, Struchiner CJ, etal.
Repeated population-based surveys of antibodies against SARS- CoV-2
in Southem Brazil. medRxiv [Preprint]. 2020. [postado 10 maio 2020].
https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.05.01.20087205

11. LiX,XuS, Yu M, Wang K, Tao Y, Zhou Y, etal. Risk factors for severity and mortality in adult
COVID-19 inpatients in Wuhan [online ahead of print 12 abr 2020]. ) Allergy Clin Immunol.
2020;(version 5):1-9. https://doi.org/10.101 61 jaci.2020.04.006

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810
RSP

Distanciamento social em nove cidades gaúchas Barros AJ et al.

 

12. Zhou E YuT, Du R, Fan G, LiuY, Liu Z, et al. Clinical course and risk factors for mortality
of adult inpatients with COVID-19 in Wuhan, China: a retrospective cohort study. Lancet.
2020;395(10229):1054-62. https://doi.org/10.1016/50140-6736(20)30566-3

 

Financiamento: Os testes rápidos utilizados na pesquisa foram disponibilizados pelo Ministério da Saúde do
Brasil à Secretária de Saúde do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul. O financiamento para a contratação da empresa
responsável pelacoleta de dados foi obtido junto ao Instituto Serrapilheira, à Unimed Porto Alegre e ao Instituto
Cultural Floresta.

Agradecimentos: Agradecemos a colaboração das pessoas envolvidas nas diferentes equipes vinculadas ao
estudo, das universidades Universidade Federal de Pelotas, Universidade Federal de Santa Maria, Universidade
Federal de Ciências da Saúde de Porto Alegre, Universidade de Santa Cruz do Sul, Universidade Regional do
Noroeste do Estado do RS, Universidade Federal do Pampa, Universidade de Passo Fundo, Universidade de
Caxias do Sul, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul, Universidade do Vale do Rio dos Sinos, Universidade
Federal da Fronteira Sul, Universidade La Salle, e também à Secretaria de Saúde do Estado do Rio Grande do
Sul, à Secretaria de Segurança Pública do Estado e às secretarias de Saúde e Segurança dos nove municípios
incluídos na pesquisa.

Contribuição dos Autores: Concepção e planejamento: AJB, CGV. Coleta de dados: AJB, CGV, AMM, BLH, FPH,
GDYV. LCP AOD, MRG. LGP. LPW. SLE, NJ.JH, SGS, ME, RCL, FCB, MFS, PCH. Análise e interpretação dos dados:
AJB, CGV, FPH, RCL, FCB, MES, PCH. Redação da primeira versão: AJB. Revisão do manuscrito: todos os autores.
Aprovação da versão final e responsabilidade pública: todos os autores - Barros AJ, Victora CG, Menezes AM, Horta
BL, Hartwig FP Victora GD, Pellanda LC, Dellagostin AO, Struchiner CJ, Burattini MN, Gonçalves MR, Possuelo
LG, Weber LP Estima SL, Jacques N, Harter. Silva SG, Frizzo M, Lima RC, Barros FC, Silveira MF. Hallal PC.

Conflito de Interesses: Os autores declaram não haver conflito de interesses.

https:/doi.org/10.11606/51518-8787.2020054002810
DOI: 10.1590/1413-81232020259.25532020

EPICOVID19 protocol: repeated serological surveys

on SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in Brazil

Protocolo EPICOVID19: pesquisas sorológicas repetidas

de anticorpos SARS-CoV-2 no Brasil

Pedro Curi Hallal (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-1470-6461)

Fernando C Barros (https://orcid.org/0000-0001-5973-1746) !
Mariângela Freitas Silveira (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2861-7139) !
Aluísio Jardim Dornellas de Barros (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2022-8729) !
Odir Antonio Dellagostin (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-2803-4088) !
Lúcia Campos Pellanda (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-8776-2248) >
Claudio José Struchiner (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-2114-847X) *
Marcelo Nascimento Burattini (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5407-6890) *
Fernando Pires Hartwig (https://orcid.org/0000-0003-3729-0710) *

Ana Maria Baptista Menezes (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2996-9427) !
Bernardo Lessa Horta (https://orcid.org/0000-0001-9843-412X)

Cesar Gomes Victora (https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2465-2180) !

'Universidade Federal de
Pelotas. Marechal
Deodoro 1160, 96020-220
Pelotas R$ Brasil.
rchallalO gmail.com
'undação Universidade
Federal de Ciências de
Saúde de Porto Alegre.
Porto Alegre R$ Brasil.
* Universidade do Estado
do Rio de Janeiro. Rio de
Janeiro RJ Brasil.

 

 

   

 

* Universidade de São Paulo.

   

o Paulo SP Brasil.

Abstract The first case of COVID-19 was report-
ed in China in December 2019, and, as the virus
has spread worldwide, the World Health Organi-
zation declared it a pandemic. Estimates on the
number of COVID-19 cases do not reflect it real
magnitude as testing is limited. Population based
data on the proportion of the population with
antibodies is relevant for planning public health
policies. We aim to assess the prevalence of SARS-
CoV-2 antibodies, presence of signs and symptoms
of COVID-19, and adherence to isolation mea-
sures. A random sample comprising 133 sentinel
cities from all states of the country will be selected.
Three serological surveys, three weeks apart, will
be conducted. The most populous municipality in
each intermediate region of the country, defined
by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Sta-
tistics, was chosen as sentinel city. In each city, 25
census tracts will be selected, and 10 households
will be systematically sampled in each tract, to-
taling 33,250 participants. In each household, one
inhabitant will be randomly selected to be inter-
viewed and tested for antibodies against SARS-
CoV-2, using WONDFO SARS-CoV-2 Antibody
Test. By evaluating a representative sample of Bra-
zilian sentinel sites, this study will provide essen-
tial information for the design of health policies.
Key words COVIDI9, Epidemiology, Serological
survey

Resumo O COVID-19 é causado pelo vírus
SARS-CoV-2, sendo o primeiro caso relatado na
China em dezembro de 2019. O vírus se espalhou
pelo mundo, levando a Organização Mundial da
Saúde a declarar uma pandemia. As estimativas
do número de casos de COVID-19 não refletem
sua magnitude real, pois os testes são limitados em
muitos países. Dados populacionais sobre a pro-
porção da população com anticorpos são relevan-
tes para o planejamento de políticas públicas de
saúde. Nosso objetivo é avaliar a prevalência de
anticorpos SARS-CoV-2, a presença de sinais e de
sintomas de COVID-19 e a adesão a medidas de
isolamento. Uma amostra aleatória composta por
133 cidades sentinelas de todos os estados do país
será selecionada. Serão realizados três levanta-
mentos sorológicos, com três semanas de interva-
lo. Em cada cidade, serão selecionados 25 setores
censitários e 10 famílias serão amostradas alea-
toriamente em cada setor. Em cada domicílio, um
habitante será selecionado aleatoriamente para
ser entrevistado e testado para anticorpos contra
SARS-CoV-2, usando o Teste de Anticorpo WON-
DFO SARS-CoV-2, que foi validado antes do tra-
balho de campo. Ao avaliar uma amostra repre-
sentativa dos locais sentinela ao longo do tempo,
este estudo fornecerá informações essenciais para
o desenho de políticas de saúde.

Palavras-chave COVIDIS, Epidemiologia, Le-
vantamento sorológico

 

55/75

NOINIdO OVINIdO

 
 

 

Background

The Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)
pandemic is evolving worldwide, and on July
13, the number of confirmed cases in the world
was around 13 million in practically all countries
and territories, with more than 500,000 deaths!.
In Brazil (population 209.5 million), the first
COVID-19 case was notified on 23 February. By
July 13, the country had, according to official sta-
tistics, over 1,8 million confirmed cases and over
72,000 deaths”.

These figures should be considered with cau-
tion, as available official statistics on the disease
prevalence, mortality and case-fatality are sub-
ject to great uncertainty, particularly due to the
absence of information on the prevalence at the
population level, as well as different criteria used
to consider a death as being caused by COVID-19
or not. Population-based studies are rare, and
usually present low levels of infection, as in
Austria (0.33%)º and Iceland (0.6% )*, whereas in
studies with volunteers, the prevalence tends to
be higher — 2.1% in South Korea and 2.5% to
4.2% in Santa Clara, California. A higher preva-
lence figure was observed in a small town in Ger-
many, recently hardly hit by the infection, where
the prevalence was 14%. A nationwide study in
Spain reported a prevalence of 5.0%*.

Prevalence estimates obtained from conve-
nience samples can be subject to sampling biases
and their representativeness is difficult to assess.
Probabilistic samples from a target population,
on the other hand, can assure this representative-
ness and lead to more effective evidence-based
public health strategies. To estimate the pro-
portion of people with antibodies in the whole
population is especially relevant for COVID-19,
as it seems that many people infected with the
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus
2 (SARS-CoV-2) virus present light symptoms or
are even asymptomatic, even though they may
transmit the disease”. Moreover, in the current
situation of restrictive policies regarding social
contact, knowledge about the proportion of the
population with antibodies and, consequently,
the number of people susceptible to get infected,
will be essential to make plans for the gradual re-
turn to normal activities.

In this manuscript we present the protocol of
the EPICOVID19 study, a multi-stage nationwide
population-based study to estimate the preva-
lence and the evolution of the COVID-19 dis-
ease in Brazil. Figure 1 displays the study logo,
which represents an analogy between COVID-19

and an iceberg. The number of confirmed cases
based on official statistics is analogous to the vis-
ible part of the iceberg (that is located above sea
level), whereas the total number of cases at the
population level is analogous to the hidden part
of the iceberg, underneath the sea.

Objectives

The aims of the project are: (1) To estimate
the proportion of the Brazilian population, as
represented by sentinel cities, that present an-
tibodies for SARS-CoV-2; (2) To determine the
proportion of the individuals with antibod-
ies that presented subclinical or asymptomatic
infections; (3) To evaluate the most common
symptoms reported by the positive subjects; (4)
To analyze times trends by comparing three con-
secutive surveys; (5) To allow precise estimations
of case-fatality rates, by using the correct propor-
tion of infected people; (6) To evaluate adherence
to isolation measures.

Methods
Study setting and design

Three population-based repeated serological
surveys will be carried out in sentinel munici-
palities, using a protocol that was based on the
World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines'º.
In each state, the urban area of the larger mu-
nicipalities of each intermediate region defined
by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Sta-
tistics (IBGE) will be studied. The selection of
sentinel municipalities is justifed by the little
time available and the limited availability of di-
agnostic tests. The three surveys will be carried
out every 21 days and the first survey was carried
out from May 14 to 21, the next surveys will start

Y EPICOVIDI9

Figure 1. EPICOVID19 analogy to an iceberg study's
logo.
on June 4 and June 21 and the duration of data
collection in each of these survey will be 3-5 days
(Figure 2).

The sampling scheme consists of a multiple
stage probabilistic sample: in each one of the
133 sentinel municipalities (from all Brazilian
states — Figure 3), 25 census tracts will be selected
with probability proportional to population size,
respecting the order of tracts defined by IBGE
(which starts in central areas and radiate to the
periphery of the city and city districts). Maps of
census tracts will be used to conduct a random
sampling selection of a starting point for each
tract. From this point, every 10th household
will be systematically selected. In each sampled
household, all residents will be listed and their age
and sex recorded on a household member roster.
One of the residents will be randomly selected
for testing and interview. If the selected person
refuses to participate, a second resident will be
randomly selected. In case of a second refusal,
the interview will be terminated, and the neigh-
boring household will be invited to participate.
All information about absences, and refusals, by
the chosen resident or the household, will be reg-
istered to allow the estimation of non-response
rates. In every new survey, the sampling will use
the same census tracts, but different households.
In each survey, 33,250 interviews will be con-
ducted, totaling 99,750 in the full study.

The sample size, total and by municipality,
was defined to balance precision of estimates
and availability of tests. With the chosen sample
size of 250 tests per city, we will have a precision,

Figure 3. Location of the 133 sentinel cities included
in the EPICOVIDI9 study.

 

 

 

Survey 1 (May 14-21)

Survey 2 (June 4-7)

Survey 3 (June 21-24)

33,250 participants 33,250 participants 33,250 participants
Testing for Testing for Testing for
COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19

N

N :

 

Figure 2. Timetable of fieldwork. Population-based survey on the prevalence of COVID-19 in Brazil.

 

 

cz eai

 

 
 

 

in percentage points, that varies with the preva-
lence: a prevalence of 1% will be estimated with a
precision of 1.1 percentage points (p.p.), 5% with
a precision of 2.7 p.p., 3.8, 10% with a precision
of 3.8 p.p. 20% with a precision of 5.1 p.p. and
30% with a precision of 5.8 p.p. When estimating
a prevalence for all municipalities, with a total
sample size of 33,250 tests, the worst precision
willbe of 0.5 p.p. for a prevalence of 30%.

Data collection

The detection of antibodies for SARS-CoV-2
will be made using the WONDFO SARS-CoV-2
Antibody Test, using finger prick blood sam-
ples. This test is based on the principle of im-
mune assay of lateral flow and detect IgG/IgM
antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. The validation
study carried out by the manufacturer included
596 participants, and estimated a sensitivity of
86.4% and specificity of 99.6%. The Brazilian
National Institute for Quality Control for Health
compared the test's results with Reverse Tran-
scriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR)
and found a sensitivity of 100% and a specificity
of 98.7% (https://en wondfo.com.cn/product/
wondfo-sars-cov-2-antibody-test-lateral-flow-
method-2/). In our own validation (submitted
for publication), 64 (77.1%) tested positive out
of 83 subjects with positive RT-PCR results 10
or more days after the initial diagnosis. We esti-
mated specificity by analysing 100 sera samples
collected in 2012 from participants of the 1982
Pelotas Birth Cohort Study"! and found 98 nega-
tive results. Furthermore, Whitman et al. evalu-
ated 10 different lateral flow assays and reported
a sensitivity of 81.5% and a specificity of 99.1%
for this test. Taking all these results together, we
estimate a pooled sensitivity of 84.8% (95% CI
81.4%;87.8%) and a pooled specificity of 99.0%
(95% CI 97.8%;99.7%).

Besides the SARS-CoV-2 testing, from which
a photo will be taken for quality control, par-
ticipants will be interviewed on demographic
variables, medical conditions related to progno-
sis of COVID-19 (high blood pressure, diabe-
tes, asthma, cancer, chronic kidney disease and
chronic heart disease), the utilization of health
care services in the same time period, and the
level of adoption of the measures of social dis-
tancing (total, partial, no adoption). Interviews
will be carried out using tablets and the results
of tests will be photographed. Interviewers will
be trained to collect the blood sample by finger
prick and to conduct the antibody test.

For those who test positive, the presence of
symptoms potentially related to COVID-19
(cough, fever, sore throat, difficulty breathing,
palpitations, loss of taste or smell, vomiting, diar-
rhea, muscle pain) will be assessed. n such cases,
all family members living in the same households
will also be tested.

Data analysis

For estimating the proportion of the popula-
tion within the 133 cities with antibodies, we will
use three cumulative strategies: (a) presenting
the crude estimates; (b) adjusting for the validity
of the test; (c) adjusting for the clustering nature
of the sample. In order to estimate the propor-
tion of asymptomatic patients, we will estimate
the proportion not reporting any of the 11 symp-
toms investigated. We will then estimate the most
frequently reported symptoms. For analyzing
times trends, we will estimate the percent change
across surveys, and test for linear trend. To allow
precise estimations of case-fatality rates, we will
divide the number of deaths within the 133 cities
by the estimated number of people with antibod-
ies in the cities. For evaluating adherence to iso-
lation measures, we will estimate the proportion
of people reporting to stay at home all the time,
to leave for essential activities only and to leave
home daily.

Discussion

The EPICOVIDI9 study will provide local data
on critical parameters of the pandemic, which
can be used by decision makers to design and im-
plement effective public health policies to miti-
gate the burden of COVID-19 in the country as a
whole, and in each state individually. Combining
all three phases of the study, this is currently the
largest population-based study of SARS-CoV-2
antibodies prevalence in the world.

Reliable population-level estimates are es-
sential for the design of effective public health
policies. The present study will expand an ex-
isting study in the state of Rio Grande do Sul in
Brazil” to the entire country. In Rio Grande do
Sul, the results from the surveys already conduct-
ed demonstrated that the prevalence of SARS-
CoV-2 antibodies is still relatively low, possibly
due to the high adherence to the population in
the state to social distancing measures!*. The re-
sults from this ongoing study have been essential
for the formulation of the recently announced
policy to fight COVID-19 in the state. The na-
tional study will provide the same information
for the entire country, thus contributing to both
state- and country-level health policy making to
fight the pandemic.

Collaborations

PC Hallal had the original idea. PC Hallal, FC
Barros, MF Silveira, AJD Barros, OA Dellagostin,
LC Pellanda, CJ Struchiner, MN Burattini, FP
Hartwig, AMB Menezes, BL Horta, CG Victora
participated in the conception and design of the
study, and approved the final version of the man-
uscript.

Acknowledgements

To IBOPE, the company responsible for data
collection. This work is funded by the Brazilian
Ministry of Health. The funder had no role in the
design of the study and collection, analysis, and
interpretation of data and in writing the manu-
script.

 
 

 

References

[EE Th

Johns Hopkins University. Coronavirus Resource
Center. COID-19 world map, 2020. [cited 2020 Jul 10].
Available in: https:/fcoronavirusjhu.edu/map.html.
2020.

Brasil. Ministério da Saúde (MS). Conronavírus Brasil
- Painel Geral, 2020. Brasília: MS; 2020.

Ogris G, Hofinger C (April 10, 2020). COVID-19
Prevalence (Media information), 2020. [cited 2020
Jul 10). Available in: https://www sora at/uploads/
media/Austria COVID-19. Prevalence BMBWF.
SORA 20200410. EN Version fuer HPpdf
Gudbjartsson DF, Helgason A, Jonsson H, Magnus-
son OT, Melsted P, Norddahl GL, Saemundsdottir ],
Sigurdsson A, Sulem P, Agustsdottir AB, Eiriksdottir
B, Fridriksdottir R, Gardarsdottir EE, Georgsson G,
Gretarsdottir OS, Gudmundsson KR, Gunnarsdottir
TR, Gylfason A, Holm H, Jensson BO, Jonasdottir A,
Jonsson E, Josefsdottir KS, Kristjansson T, Magnus-
dottir DN, le RouxL, Sigmundsdottir G, Sveinbjorns-
son G, Sveinsdottir KE, Sveinsdottir M, Thorarensen
EA, Thorbjornsson B, Lóve A, Masson G, Jonsdottir
1, Môller AD, Gudnason T, Kristinsson KG, Thors-
teinsdottir U, Stefansson K. Spread of SARS-CoV-2
in the Icelandic Population. N Engl J Med 2020;
328(24):2302-2315.

South Korea. Ministry of Health and Welfare (MHW).
Coronavirus disease 19, Seul: MHW; 2020.

Bendavid E, Mulaney B, Sood N, Shah 5, Ling E,
Bromley-Dulfino R, Lai C, Weissberg Z, Saavedra
-Walker R, Tedrow ), Tversky D, Bogan A, Kupiec
T, Eichner D, Gupta R, loannidis ), Bhattacharya J.
COVID-19 Antibody Seroprevalence in Santa Cla-
ra County, California. MedRxiv 2020. http://doi.
org/10.1101/2020.04.14.20062463

Regalado A. Blood tests show 14% of people are
now immune to covid-19 in one town in Ger-
many. MIT Technology Review 2020. [cited 2020 Jul
10]. Available im: https://www.technologyreview.
com/2020/04/09/9990 15/blood-tests-show-15-of-pe-
ople-are-now-immune-to-covid- 19-in-one-town-in-
germany

Pollán M, Pérez-Gómez B, Pastor-Barriuso R, Oteo
), Hernán MA, Pérez-Olmeda M, Sanmartin JL, Fer-
nández-García A, Cruz 1, Larrea NE, Molina M, Ro-
dríguez-Cabrera E, Martin M, Merino-Amador P,
Paniagua JL, Muhoz-Montalvo JE, Blanco E, Yotti R,
ENE-COVID Study Group. Prevalence of SARS-
CoV-2 in Spain (ENE-COVID):A Nationwide, Popu-
lation-Based Seroepidemiological Study. Lancet 2020;
S0140-6736(20)31483-31485

Buitrago-Garcia DC, Egli-Gany D, Counotte MJ,
Hossmann S, Imeri H, Ipekci AM, Salanti G, Low N.
The role of asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infections:
rapid living systematic review and meta-analysis.
Medrxiv 2020. https://www.medrxivorg/conten-
t/10.1101/2020.04.25.20079103v2

 

 

 

  

   

an Open Access article di

 

World Health Organization (WHO). Population-ba-
sed age-stratified seroepidemiological investigation
protocol for COVID-19 virus infection. Geneva: WHO;
2020.

Horta BL, Gigante DP, Gonçalves H, Motta JVS, Lo-
ret De Mola C, Oliveira IO, Barros FC, Victora CG.
Cohort Profile Update: The 1982 Pelotas (Brazil) Bir-
th Cohort Study. Int J Epidemiol 2015; (2):441-441e.
Whitman JD, Hiatt , Mowery CT, Shy BR, Yu R,
Yamamoto TN, Rathore U, Goldgof GM, Whitty C,
Woo JM, Gallman AE, Miller TE, Levine AG, Nguyen
DN, Bapat SP, Balcerek ), Bylsma SA, Lyons AM, Li
S, Wong AW, Gillis-Buck EM, Steinhart ZB, Lee Y,
Apathy R, Lipke MJ, Smith JA, Zheng T, Boothby
IC, Isaza E, Chan ], Acenas DD 2º4, Lee ), Macrae TA,
Kyaw TS, Wu D, Ng DL, Gu W, York VA, Eskandarian
HA, Callaway PC, Warrier L, Moreno ME, Levan J,
Torres L, Farrington LA, Loudermilk R, Koshal K,
Zom KC, Garcia-Beltran WE, Yang D, Astudillo MG,
Bernstein BE, Gelfand JA, Ryan ET, Charles RC, la-
frate AJ, Lennerz JK, Miller $, Chiu CY, Stramer SL,
Wilson MR, Manglik A, Ye CJ, Krogan NJ, Anderson
MS, Cyster JG, Ernst JD, Wu AHB, Lynch KL, Bern
C, Hsu PD, Marson A. Test performance evaluation
of SARS-CoV-2 serological assays. MedRxiv 2020;
2020.04.25.20074856

Hallal PC, Horta BL, Barros AJD, Dellagostin OA,
Hartwig EP, Pellanda LC, Struchiner CJ, Buratti
MN, Silveira ME, Menezes AMB, Barros FC, Victora
CG. Trends in the prevalence of COVID-19 infection
in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil: repeated serological sur-
veys. Cien Saude Colet 2020; 25(Supl. 1):2395-2401.
Silveira ME, Barros AJD, Horta BL, Pellanda LC, Vic-
tora GD, Dellagostin OA, Struchiner CJ, Buratti
MN, Valim ARM, Berlezi EM, Mesa JM, Ikeda MLR,
Mesenburg MA, Mantesso M, Dal! Agnol MM, Bit-
tencourt RA, Hartwig FP, Menezes AMB, Barros FC,
Hallal PC, Victora CG. Population-based surveys of
antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Southern Brazil.
Nat Med 2020. https://doi.org/10.1038/541591-020-
0992-3

 

 

  

Article submitted 10/07/2020
Approved 19/07/2020

Final version submitted 21/07/2020

ributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License
mearxiv preprint doi
(which was not ce!

mo

aus w

10
11
12
13

14
15

16

 
  

ntps://doi.org10.1101/2021.09.01.2120/054, this version posted May 24, cUZ1. The copyright holder tor this preprint
led by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

Combining serological assays and official statistics to describe the trajectory of the COVID-19
pandemic: results from the EPICOVID19-RS study in Rio Grande do Sul (Southern Brazil)

Fernando P. Hartwig'*, Luís Paulo Vidaletti?, Aluísio J. D. Barros”?, Gabriel D. Victora”, Ana M.
B. Menezes! Marilia A. Mesenburg"*, Bernardo L. Horta! Mariângela F. Silveira”, Cesar G.
Victora"?, Pedro C. Hallal”, Claudio J. Struchiner”

'Postgraduate Program in Epidemiology, Federal University of Pelotas, Pelotas, Brazil.
?International Center for Equity in Health, Federal University of Pelotas, Pelotas, Brazil.
Laboratory of Lymphocyte Dynamics, Rockefeller University, New York, NY, United States.
“Federal University of Health Sciences of Porto Alegre, Porto Alegre, RS, Brazil.

“Getúlio Vargas Foundation, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

*Corresponding author. Postgraduate Program in Epidemiology, Federal University of Pelotas,
Pelotas (Brazil) 96020-220. Phone: +55 (53) 3284-1300. E-mail: fernandophartwig gmail.com.

NOTE: This preprint reports new research that has not been certified by peer review and should not be used to guide clinical practice.
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

17 | ABSTRACT

18 Background: The EPICOVID19-RS study conducted 10 population-based surveys in Rio Grande
19 do Sul (Southern Brazil), starting early in the epidemic. The sensitivity of the rapid point-of-
20 care test used in the first eight surveys has been shown to decrease over time after some
21 phases of the study were concluded. The gt survey used both the rapid test and an enzyme-
22 — linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) test, which has a higher and stable sensitivity.

23 Methods: We provide a theoretical justification for a correction procedure of the rapid test
24 — estimates, assess its performance in a simulated dataset and apply it to empirical data from
25 — the EPICOVIDI9-RS study. COVID-19 deaths from official statistics were used as an indicator of
26 the temporal distribution of the epidemic, under the assumption that fatality is constant over
27 time. Both the indicator and results from the 9” survey were used to calibrate the temporal
28 — decay function of the rapid test's sensitivity from a previous validation study, which was used
29 to estimate the true sensitivity in each survey and adjust the rapid test estimates accordingly.

30 Results: Simulations corroborated the procedure is valid. Corrected seroprevalence estimates
31 were substantially larger than uncorrected estimates, which were substantially smaller than
32 respective estimates from confirmed cases and therefore clearly underestimate the true
33 | infection prevalence.

34 —Conclusion: Correcting biased estimates requires a combination of data and modelling
35 — assumptions. This work illustrates the practical utility of analytical procedures, but also the
36 | critical need for good quality, populationally-representative data for tracking the progress of
37 | the epidemic and substantiate both projection models and policy making.

38
39 KEYWORDS: COVID-19; SARS-CoV-2; seroprevalence;

 

ias correction.
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

40 1. INTRODUCTION

41 Brazil concentrates 10% of all COVID-19 deaths in the world while having only 2.7% of the
42 world's population. As of February 28, 2021, Brazil is the country ranking second and third in
43 terms of deaths and confirmed cases, respectively. The situation was worsened the rapid
44 — spread of a new variant of the SARS-CoV-2 virus in the Amazon region in the North(1), which is
45 | already circulating in other regions of the country, including the South region(2). Rio Grande
46 do Sul (the Southernmost state in Brazil) is facing the worst situation since the start of the
47 — pandemic, with infections increasing at unprecedented rates. In February 27 2021, all
48 | subregions of the state were, for the first time, classified as being in a critical situation based
49 ona controlled social distancing model that uses several indicators and was launched by the
50 | State's Government in May 2020(3).

51 Rio Grande do Sul was one of the first regions in the world to have a large population-based
52 assessment of the COVID-19 epidemic. According to official statistics, the first case and the
53 first deathin the State occurred in February 29 and March 24, 2020, and the first of a series of
54 — 10 serological surveys (collectively referred to as the EPICOVID19-RS study(4)) in the State was
55 —caried out in April 11-13, 2020(5). Although a series of surveys starting so early on is useful for
56 — accurately tracking the progression of the epidemic, tests then available that were suitable for
57 —population-based studies had only been tested in recently infected individuals. In the
58 EPICOVID19-RS study, a rapid point-of-care test was used. Prior to the 1º survey, available
59  validation studies indicated the test's performance was sufficiently high for population-based
60 | studies(6). However, future validation studies detected that the sensitivity of this test
61 —decreases over time(7), an assessment that was only possible after some time since the
62 — beginning of the pandemic. In the 9” survey, we used an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay
63 (ELISA), which has higher sensitivity than the rapid test that does not decrease over time”*.
64 Changing tests between surveys hampers comparing different surveys, thus requiring
65 — analytical procedures to properly utilize previous estimates based on the rapid test in
66 combination with the ELISA test to obtain a coherent picture of the pandemic in the state.

67 External data are extremely useful to furnish procedures to correct biased estimates. The more
68 | data the lower the need for modelling assumptions. Typically, such data stems from official
69 — statistics, such as registered cases, deaths, hospitalizations and other indicators. However,
70 such data have their own limitations, including dependence of testing policies and protocols,
71 fatality rate, change in treatment protocols, incompleteness and other factors that may
72 change both over time and among different locations.

73  Obtaining a coherent and likely more accurate temporal trend of how the epidemic in a given
74 location using real data is therefore a challenging task, requiring simultaneously and
75  coherently using different and imperfect sources of data, including official statistics, different
76 diagnostic tests and information from validation studies. This paper aims at obtaining the
77 | cumulative prevalence of infection in Rio Grande do Sul from a series of nine population-based
78 | serological surveys using a test with temporal variation in sensitivity.

79 2. METHODS

80 2.1.Theoretical justification for the correction procedure

81 LetF(D)= y f(x) dx denote the cumulative number of infections at time t, where f(x) is a

82 | non-zero function for the infection incidence (in number of new cases) and t = 1 isthe day of
83 — the first infection, so that F(1) > 1 and F(t) = 1 forsomet € (0,1]. Let g(t*) E [0,1] denote
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

84 a function for the proportion of infections detectable t* days after occurring. Therefore,
8 w(b)= h f(x)g(t — x) dx represents the cumulative number of infections detectable at

86 time t. We assume the population size N is constant throughout the pandemic. In this case,

87 E and vo respectively denote the true and apparent (detectable) cumulative prevalence of

88 infections at time t.

89 From the notation above, the proportion of infections that are still detectable (i.e., the
90 sensitivity) in day t is:

wo fra dx

91 DC) = FO fstar

(1.

92 Equation 1 can be interpreted as a weighted average of the proportion of detectable
93 | infections, where the weights correspond to the number of infections that occurred in each
94 — shortinterval [t, t + dt], where dt is a very small positive number.

95 Let h(t)=cf(t) = H(t) = cF(t), where c is an unknown positive constant. h(t) can

96 denote, for example, the number of deaths, assuming that fatality is constant over time. In this

97 case, t represents the time when the infection happened, so that h(t) denote the number of

98 new cases which ended up dying. If A(t) denotes the number of deaths in time £, then the

99 appropriate representation would be h(t — k) = cf(t), where k denotes the number of days
100 | between infection and death.

101 — Substituting A(t) for f(t) in equation 1 yields:

102 ftGo9t-x) ES fercot-s) E LrCoa(e-s) dz = D(D.

Jéh(o dx So cf Ge) dx fofo) dx
103 That is, the proportion of infections that are still detectable t* days after occurring can also be
104 | obtained using any indicator of the temporal distribution of infections, assuming that such
105 — indicator is a scaled version of F(t).

106 — Ifboth that g(t') and some function H(t) are known, g(t*) can used to account for the decay
107 in sensitivity over time, and H(t) can used to account for the temporal distribution of the
108 — pandemic. However, in practice, typically only H*(t) = Sis hº(x), where hº(x) is the
109 number of deaths that occurred in a given day, is known. From this definition, h*(t) =
10 HGt-D)-H()= JÉhe) dx and H*(t) = H(t) for t E Nº. Since the exact time of the
111 — events within a day are unknown, an approximation can be made by assigning t* = tS — t to
112 | all events that happened in day t, where t* denotes the date when individuals were tested.
113  Thisis a good approximation because the g(t”) is unlikely to substantially change within a day
114  —thatis gt) = g(t' + 1).

115

116 Fromthe above, D(t) and F(t) can be approximated as follows:

Lisah* GG — 2)
Dica ht (o)
LAO)

FO) =zF(D)= DO (3)

D(t) = D(t) = (2)
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

117 — Similar to D(t) in equation 1, D(t) in equation 2 can be interpreted as a weighted average of
118 the proportion of detectable infections, where the weights correspond to the number of
119 — infections that occurred in each day.

120 In practice, hf(x) can be obtained from official statistics. However, the assumption that c is
121 constant over time is required for equation 2 to yield a good approximation of F(t). IF this is
122  notthe case, then c should be replaced with c(t). Moreover, it is unlikely that g(t") is known
123 in practice. However, it can be estimated, for example, in validation studies. Therefore, G(t*)
124 is included in equation 2 instead of g(t*). Finally, equation 3 includes VW (0), which is the
125 — estimated apparent cumulative number of infections estimated using a test with sensitivity
126 — that decreases over time, according to g(t*).

127

 

imulation study

128 For the simulations, f(t) = e .00021? + 0.0848L, thus yielding “1 million individuals who got
129 infected at some point during a one-year period. The population size was 11 million
130 — individuals. Fatality rate was 1% and constant over time. These numbers are roughly of
131 comparable magnitude to the first year of the epidemic in Rio Grande do Sul.

132 | Individual i (where i denotes a generic individual who was infected at some point) was
133 | detectable by the Wondfo testattime tif4, + To, +T3, St< T+ To; + Ta; + Ta, Where:

134 e Ty isthe infection date (defined as described above).
135 e Ty-WeibullÇã, 1.97) is the incubation time”.
136 e T5-N(13.3, 32.49) isthe time from symptom onset to seroconversion(11).

137 e T;-Weibull(68.383320,1.183745) is the time from seroconversion to seroreversion(12).

138 e Ts; isthe time from symptom onset to diagnosis. This was estimated using official statistics

139 (see below for a description of these data) as the time difference between the dates of
140 diagnosis and of symptom onset. For the present analyses, values greater than 21 days
141 were discarded.

142  Regarding fatality, 1% of the infected individuals were randomly selected as those who died.
143 | To define when individuals died, we defined the following transition times:

144 e Tg isthe time from diagnosis to death. This was estimated using official statistics (see below
145 for a description of these data) as the time difference between the dates of death and of
146 diagnosis.

147 | Among individuals who died in the simulation study, values for T;-T; were generated by
148 sampling from their empirical joint distribution obtained from official statistics, restricting to
149 — those diagnosed with RT-PCR and died. For individuals who did not die in the simulation study
150 Ts values were generated by sampling from official statistics, restricting to those diagnosed
151 with RT-PCR and did not die. Therefore, this sampling scheme allows for violations of the
152 — assumption that such times are similar between these subgroups. This may introduce some
153  biasin the corrected estimates, and the simulation study will help to quantify how much this
154 — biasis likely to affect empirical analysis.
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

155  Ifindividual í is one of those who died, ift > 4, + To; + Ts; + Te then the ith individual was
156 —deceased at time t. Of note, all times were rounded to the nearest integer, and negative
157 values in T3 were replaced with zero.

158 | Inthe simulations, the population size decreases over time as infected individuals die. Deaths
159 dueto other causes were not considered because we assumed that, aside from the epidemic,

160 | the population size is constant over time. The parameter of interest is O, were N is assumed

161 to be constant over time. Therefore, this is another source of (likely slight bias) in the
162 | estimates, and such bias will be quantified in the simulations.

163 To generate g(t'), a hypothetical validation study involving 20 million individuals, all enrolled
164 in the day they were infected and each followed up for 400 days, was simulated by
165 | independently sampling 20 million values for T,-T, from their respective distributions.
166 Therefore, if To,+Ta,— Ts, St" < To, + Ta, + Ta; then individual i is detectable t* days
167 — after diagnosis. g(t*) was then defined as the proportion of individuals detectable t* after
168 | diagnosis. Such large validation study essentially implies that there is negligible error due to
169 sampling variability in 4(t), such that (1) = g(t9.

170 We simulated a scenario of 4 population based serological surveys conducted at days t =60,
171  t=120 and t =180 and t =240. For each survey, 5000 individuals were randomly sampled
172 from the population. A total of 1000 datasets were simulated by sampling T>-T6 from their
173 | respective distributions and randomly allocating these values to the dataset of infected
174 | individuals.

175 | The correction procedure was implemented as an iterated procedure. In each dataset, 2000
176 — iterations of the correction procedure for each survey were applied. In each iteration, H*(t)
177 | values for T; were sampled from its distribution. These were subtracted from the date of
178 | symptom onset, which is assumed to be known for each death (as in our empirical application).
179 — This yields a distribution of when individuals who died were infected, which is a valid indicator
180 | ofthe relative temporal distribution of all infections under the assumption that fatality rate is
181 constant over time. This relative temporal distribution, in combination with the sensitivity
182 function g(t"), was then used to calculate D(t) and F(t).

183 2.3. Data sources
184 2.3.1. EPCOVIDI9-RS study

185 The EPICOVID1S9-RS study is a series of 10 large, population-based surveys aiming at tracking
186 | the COVID-19 pandemic in Rio Grande do Sul. For this paper, only surveys 1 to 9 will be used.
187 — Data collection for the 1º and 9” surveys occurred in April 11-13 2020 and February 5-7 2021,
188 | respectively. The study involves nine sentinel cities — that is, the largest city from each one of
189 | the eight intermediate regions of the state as defined by the Brazilian Institute of Geography
190 and Statistics (IBGE). The exception was the metropolitan region, for which two cities (the
191 | state capital and an additional city) were selected. In each city, 50 census tracts (delimited
192 | areas with approximately 300 households each in urban area, also defined by the IBGE) were
193 selected with probability proportional to size and ensuring geographical representativity. In
194 | eachtract, 10 households were systematically selected. Between surveys, different households
195 were selected within the same tracts. One individual per households was randomly selected
196 for interview and testing using the rapid point-of-care lateral-flow WONDFO SARS-CoV-2
197 | Antibody Test (Wondfo Biotech Co., Guangzhou, China), which assesses both IgG and IgM

 
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

198 | antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. More details on the study protocol are available elsewhere(4).
199 Forthe present analysis, individuals with inconclusive test results were excluded.

200 2.3.2. Official statistics data

201 | Official statistics data were collected from a dashboard by the Health Secretariat of Rio Grande
202 do Sul website (https://covid.saude.rs.gov.br/) for the period between February 29, 2020 (the
203 day of the first confirmed case in the State) and February 28, 2021. All 497 city-level health
204 | secretariats in Rio Grande do Sul provide information daily on several indicators relevant for
205 — monitoring the pandemic in the state, and this information is publicly available per day and per
206 | city. We used the daily absolute number of new deaths attributed to COVID-19 as an indicator
207 | ofthe relative temporal distribution of infections in the State. As discussed above, this is only
208 | valid under the assumption that fatality is constant over time. We also obtained the daily
209 | absolute number of confirmed infections to calculate the cumulative prevalence of confirmed
210 — infections for comparison with our corrected estimates.

211 The cities included in the survey have different population sizes, but all received the same
212 weightin the study (see below for a justification for this). Therefore, weights for each city were
213 generated for the official statistics dataset as the multiplicative inverse of the number of
214 | deaths in the corresponding city. This ensures that the distribution of deaths in each city has
215 the same weight in the overall distribution of deaths. A similar weighting scheme was used
216 when calculating the cumulative prevalence of confirmed infections.

217 2.4. Statistical analysis
218 2.4.1. General description

219 The goal of the analysis is to combine different data sources to obtain a plausible temporal
220 description of the cumulative prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 infections in Rio Grande do Sul. The
221 — main difficulty is that, in the first eight EPICOVID19-RS surveys, only the Wondfo test was used,
222 while both Wondfo and ELISA tests were used. The difficulty stems from the fact that,
223 according to validation studies, the sensitivity of the Wondfo test decreases over time(7).
224 Therefore, any Wondfo seroprevalence estimate after the very beginning of the pandemic is
225 | likelyto be an underestimate in comparison to the ELISA test.

226 Itisin principle possible to use the results from the validation study to account for this
227 — temporal decay in sensitivity, so that sensitivity is assumed to be smaller in later surveys based
228 on some indicator of the temporal distribution of the epidemic, and therefore correction
229 — procedures will have a stronger impact on estimates from later surveys. In the gt survey, the
230  Wondfo seroprevalence was = = 2.04%, while the ELISA seroprevalence was Er = 9.97.
231 This difference in estimated seroprevalence is not compatible with our validation study,
232 suggesting that sensitivity of the Wondfo test in the field was lower than in the validation
233 study (possibly to the lower prevalence of highly symptomatic and/or severe infection cases in
234 — the field, which could influence seroconversion and duration of antibodies over time)(13).

235 Therefore, the analysis requires two main steps:

236 a) Calibrating the results from the validation study so that the sensitivity it provides for the 9º”

237 survey corresponds to the observed sensitivity, itself estimated by comparting the Wondfo
238 and ELISA estimates in the 9º survey (this simplified procedure for estimating sensitivity is
239 justified below).
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

240 —b) Use the indicator and the calibrated temporal decay in sensitivity to obtain corrected
241 estimates for surveys 1-8. These corrected estimates can be interpreted as the expected
242 estimates had ELISA been used.

243 | We now describe each one of these steps in detail.
244 2.4.2. Calibrating the temporal decay in sensitivity

245 — The validation study (details on study design are provided in the Supplement) had data on the
246 — date of diagnosis by RT-PCR and of testing by the Wondfo test (thus yielding the time between
247 — diagnosis and testing), but not of symptom onset. Therefore, the validation study was re-
248 — analyzed in each iteration of the correction procedure. In each iteration:

249 e The validation study data was resampled without replacement. This allows incorporating
250 sampling variability in the validation study itself as in a non-parametric bootstrap
251 procedure.

252 e T> and Ts values were generated and added to the time between diagnosis and testing in
253 the resampled dataset to generate t*.

254 e A model for the change in sensitivity over time was then fitted by an automated model
255 selection procedure (see the Supplement for details).

256 e Since the validation study lacked data on sensitivity of the Wondfo test for recent

257 infections, extrapolation for the smallest value of t* in the dataset to t* = O was required.
258 However, the observed data does not capture the increase in sensitivity during the first
259 days following infection. This gap in the range of t* was imputed by assuming that
260 sensitivity from £* = O (assumed to be 1%) to the smallest value of t* (using the predicted
261 sensitivity from the model) in the given iteration has a logit-linear relationship.

262 The process above generated (in each iteration) 9'(t"), which is the function describing how
263 sensitivity decreased over time in the validation study. As discussed above, the observed
264 — differences in seroprevalence estimates from the Wondfo and ELISA tests in the 9º survey
265 were not compatible with our validation study. To account for this difference, we calibrated
266  G(tinto dt!) = r[9'(t')], where 0 <r <1.

267 — The calibration procedure was performed by finding the value of r using a one dimensional
268 — optimization algorithm such that D(t) (where to is the date of the 9º survey) is virtually
Pwo

269 — identical to Pes O 20.52% (where py, and Pro respectively denote the seroprevalence as

9

270 measured by the Wondfo and ELISA tests in the gt survey), which is an estimate of the
271 sensitivity of the Wondfo test in the gt survey. This process ensures that D(to) is (virtually)
272 —identical to the sensitivity in the last survey, thus making J(t) and field estimates of
273 | sensitivity more compatible.

274 — Importantly, this calibration procedure is arbitrary because many other transformations of
275 — 8'(t') could be used. We decided to simply scale 9'(t*) by a multiplicative constant because
276 — thisis a simple procedure that is rank preserving, therefore retaining the overall trends of the
277 | original function. However, the calibration procedure is entirely numerical, thus being agnostic
278 to biological considerations. Nevertheless, the calibration does return a sensitivity curve that is
279 | atleast compatible to field estimates, which is the goal of the calibration procedure.

280 2.4.3. Correcting the Wondfo estimates from surveys 1-8
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

281 As described above, the temporal distribution of deaths was used as an indicator of the
282 temporal distribution of the epidemic. However, because the official statistics dataset does not
283 have data when infection occurred (which is indeed virtually impossible to ascertain), the
284 | correction procedure was implemented as an iterated process. In each iteration, T; values
285 were generated and subtracted from the date at symptom onset (available in the official
286 statistics dataset), thus yielding the infection date t.

287 To calculate corrected cumulative prevalence estimates (denoted by 2z,) in surveys 1-8,

288 — sensitivity (denoted by D(tx)) was calculated as the weighted average of 9(t*) over the period

289 from February 29, 2020 to the given survey, where the weight that each date receives is the

290 sum of the weights (described in section 2.3.2) of all deaths with infection occurring in the
- =(-é)

291 given date. D(ty) was then applied to the following formula: Pg, = ue (14) where

292 pry and Pw, denote the seroprevalence as measured by the ELISA and Wondfo tests

293 (respectively) in the kth survey; and ê, is the specificity of the Wondfo test in the kth survey.

294 We assumed ê, = 1 in all surveys, so the formula simplifies to 2s, = Des:
295 The strategy outlined above assumes that specificity of the Wondfo test is 100%. Although this
296 is a strong assumption, it can be justified in this context as follows. First, 1— dy, = 1—

297 = = 99.95%, which is a lower bound for the test's specificity since it was applied in the

298 field. Second, although we have no data on how specificity changes over time, it is likely to

299 | increase because the sensitivity decreases. Therefore, ê = 1 is likely a good approximation in

300 — thissituation, which justifies estimating D(to) as ds, simplifies the formula for calculating Zz ,
9

301 and prevents it from yielding negative values. Although the formula could still yield de values

302 larger than 100%, this cannot happen in the current application because max(Pw,) =Pwo =
303 2.04% and min(%,) = D(to) = 20.52%, and A = Peg: We also performed a subset of the

304 | analysis using a likelihood-based approach (described in detail elsewhere(15)) and obtained
305 very similar results.

306 Confidence intervals of the corrected estimates for surveys 1 to 8 incorporated the different
307 sources of uncertainty in a bootstrap procedure (see Supplement for details). All analyses were
308 performed using R 4.0.2.

309 3. RESULTS

310 Table 1 displays the results of the simulation study. In comparison to the apparent prevalence,
311 corrected prevalence estimates were on average much closer to the true prevalence.
312 Corrected estimates were slightly biased upwards, but both bias and absolute deviation (that
313 is, the average absolute distance from the true prevalence) were of small magnitude.

314 Figure 1 shows the cumulative prevalence of infections. The solid line represents the
315 — cumulative prevalence of confirmed infections. Estimates from the Wondfo test were not only
316 | substantially smaller than corrected estimates (especially for later surveys), but also presented
317 a different overall pattern that would not resemble the remaining results even upon scaling.
318 Moreover, Wondfo estimates were implausible when compared to the cumulative prevalence
319 — ofinfection according to official cases. Up to the 8º” survey, the Wondfo and official cumulative
320 prevalence estimates were similar in the additive scale, but in the 9º survey the Wondfo
321 estimate was substantially smaller than the estimate from official statistics, which is a lower
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

322 bound ofthe true cumulative prevalence. Table 2 shows the seroprevalence estimates for each
323 survey of the EPICOVID19-RS study using the different methods.

324 4. DISCUSSION

325 In this work, we combined data from official statistics, a series of nine population-based
326 | serological surveys and a validation study to estimate the cumulative prevalence of SARS-CoV-
327 2 infection in the State of Rio Grande do Sul (Southern Brazil) by adjusting estimates from a
328 rapid test into the expected result had the ELISA test been used instead. Corrected estimates
329 are likely more plausible than estimates using the rapid test, especially when compared to
330 confirmed cases from official statistics. The corrected result indicated that, as of late February
331 2021, cumulative prevalence of confirmed cases corresponds to about half of all cases
332 detected by ELISA.

333 Describing the temporal evolution of the epidemic is important for several reasons. First, the
334 — true number of infections is required for calculating several important quantities important for
335 policy making, including fatality and hospitalization rates(16). Second, an accurate estimate of
336 the temporal distribution allows better calculation of quantities required for projections using
337 models of infection dynamics, such as the basic reproduction number and how it changes over
338 | time, especially after specific events such as lockdown measures or social events that may lead
339 to overcrowding. Projections from disease dynamics models early in the pandemic were highly
340 | influential and were one of the few sources of information then available. Although important
341 and useful, it must be noted that most early projects were necessarily based on preliminary
342 estimates from other diseases or from small, non-representative studies. Moreover, it is
343 | difficult to a priori identify and incorporate all possible complex factors that may influence the
344 — temporal evolution of the epidemic, many of which are local and difficult to measure. One year
345 — after the first confirmed case in Rio Grande do Sul, there is substantial local data available
346 from official statistics and the EPICOVID19-RS study, thus allowing comparing initial projections
347 to the real figures to refine future projection models, which can now use local, real-data
348 estimates.

349 The study has considerable strengths. First, the EPICOVID19-RS study is a unique resource that
350 | includes nine population-based seroprevalence surveys covered a period of about 10 months
351 and begun shortly after the first confirmed case in the State. Second, the distribution of all but
352 oneofthe transition times was based on local date. Third, the fact that both the rapid and the
353 ELISA tests were used in the 9º survey allowed us to calibrate the sensitivity function with a
354 result obtained in the field. Fourth, corrected results were more plausible than uncorrected
355 — estimates, which underestimated even the cumulative prevalence of confirmed cases after the
356  8survey.

357 An important limitation of the study is the need of many assumptions throughout the
358 | correction process, including: fatality ratio is constant over time; and the sensitivity function
359 — estimated in the validation study (which was enriched for symptomastic cases) is applicable to
360 the field (which includes the general population) after a calibration procedure. It is not
361 possible to empirically verify the assumption of constant fatality over time without making
362 | additional assumptions that may lead to circular reasoning. Regarding the sensitivity function,
363 its validity can only be assessed by repeatedly applying the rapid test over time to individuals
364 —sampled from the general population who had been diagnosed with known date. Establishing
365 such cohort would be logistically difficult and time consuming, requiring large initial sample
366 sizesto identify enough infected individuals. It should also be mentioned that the ELISA test is
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

367 itself not perfect. Indeed, there is evidence indicating that some individuals do not
368 seroconvert, and this may be associated with disease severity(13). Therefore, estimates
369 presented here must be interpreted as the cumulative prevalence of positive ELISA tests rather
370 than oftrue infections.

371 This study is not a definitive guide, but rather an example of the usefulness of integrating
372 different sources to correct estimates from an imperfect test to obtain a more plausible
373 temporal trend of the COVID-19 epidemic. Although the study demonstrates the practical
374 — importance of analytical procedures, it also highlights the critical importance of good data,
375 including population-based estimates from initiatives such as the EPICOVID19-RS study, which
376 | ideally should be performed using appropriate tests; extensive validation studies evaluating
377 how different factors (such as time since diagnosis) can affect the test's performance; and
378 good quality, transparent and freely accessible official statistics. Estimates from large and
379  populationally-representative data sources with sufficiently fine temporal is the best way to
380 track the progression of the pandemic and to substantiate policy making, and therefore
381 | obtaining such data should be supported by funders and governments.

382 REFERENCES

383 1. Sabino EC, Buss LF, Carvalho MPS, Prete CA, Crispim MAE, Fraiji NA, et al. Resurgence of

384 COVID-19 in Manaus, Brazil, despite high seroprevalence. Lancet. 2021;397(10273):452-5.
385 2. Correio do Povo. RS identifica nove casos da variante P.1 da Covid-19. 2021 [cited 2021
386 Mar 10]. Available from: https:/Avww.correiodopovo.com.br/notícias/geral/rs-identifica-
387 nove-casos-da-variante-p-1-da-covid-19-1.575688.

388 3. Governo do Rio Grande do Sul. RS em bandeira preta: veja o que muda em todas as
389 regiões a partir de sábado, dia 27 - Portal do Estado do Rio Grande do Sul. [cited 2021 Mar
390 10]. Available from: https:/Awww.estado.rs.gov.br/rs-em-bandeira-preta-veja-o-que-
391 muda-em-todas-as-regioes-a-partir-de-sabado-dia-27

392 4. Hallal PC, Horta BL, Barros AJD, Dellagostin OA, Hartwig FP, Pellanda LC, et al. Trends in

393 the prevalence of COVID-19 infection in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil: Repeated serological
394 surveys. Cienc e Saude Coletiva. 2020;25(suppl 1):2395-401.

395 5. Silveira MF, Barros AJD, Horta BL, Pellanda LC, Victora GD, Dellagostin OA, et al.
396 Population-based surveys of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in Southern Brazil. Nat Med.
397 2020;26(8):1196-9.

398 6. Pellanda LC, da Ros Wendland EM, McBride AJA, Tovo-Rodrigues L, Ferreira MRA,
399 Dellagostin OA, et al. Sensitivity and specificity of a rapid test for assessment of exposure
400 to SARS-CoV-2 in a community-based setting in Brazil. medRxiv. 2020;doi:
401 10.1101/2020.05.06.20093476.

402 7. Silveira MF, Mesenburg M, Dellagostin OA, Oliveira NR, Maia MAC, Santos FDS, et al.
403 Time-Dependent Decay of Detectable Antibodies Against SARS-CoV-2: A Comparison of
404 ELISA with Two Batches of a Lateral-Flow Test. SSRN Electron J.
405 2021;doi:10.2139/ssrn.3757411.

406 8. Alvim RGF, Lima TM, Rodrigues DAS, Marsili FF, Bozza VBT, Higa LM, et al. An affordable
407 anti-SARS-COV-2 spike protein ELISA test for early detection of IgG seroconversion suited
408 for large-scale surveillance studies in low-income countries. medRxiv. 2020;doi:
409 10.1101/2020.07.13.20152884.

410 9. QinJ,YoucC, Lin Q, Hu T, YusS, Zhou XH. Estimation of incubation period distribution of
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

411 COVID-19 using disease onset forward time: A novel cross-sectional and forward follow-
412 up study. Sci Adv. 2020;6(33):1202-16.

413 10. Dhouib W, Maatoug J, Ayouni |, Zammit N, Ghammem R, FredjS Ben, et al. The incubation
414 period during the pandemic of COVID-19: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Syst Rev.
415 2021;10(1):1-14.

416 11. Borremans B, Gamble A, Prager KC, Helman SK, McClain AM, Cox C, et al. Quantifying
417 antibody kinetics and rna detection during early-phase SARS-CoV-2 infection by time since
418 symptom onset. Elife. 2020;9:1-27.

419 12. Herrington D, The COVID-19 Community Research Partnership Study Group. Duration of

 

  

420 SARS-CoV-2 Sero-Positivity in a Large Longitudinal Sero-Surveillance Cohort: The COVID-19
421 Community Research Partnership. medRxiv. 2021;10.1101/2021.01.27.21250615.

422 13. Van Elslande J, Oyaert M, Ailliet S, Van Ranst M, Lorent N, Vande Weygaerde Y, et al.
423 Longitudinal follow-up of IgG anti-nucleocapsid antibodies in SARS-CoV-2 infected
424 patients up to eight months after infection. J Clin Virol. 2021;136:104765.

425 14. Ahlbom A. Introduction to Modern Epidemiology. Chestnut Hill, MA, USA: Epidemiology
426 Resources; 1984. 97 p.

427 15. Hallal PC, Hartwig FP, Horta BL, Silveira MF, Struchiner CJ, Vidaletti LP, et al. SARS-CoV-2
428 antibody prevalence in Brazil: results from two successive nationwide serological
429 household surveys. Lancet Glob Heal. 2020;3(11):€1390-8.

430 16. Gaye B, Fanidi A, Jouven X. Denominator matters in estimating COVID-19 mortality rates.
431 European Heart Journal. 2020;41(37):3500.

432
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

433 TABLES
434

435 Table 1. Performance of the correction procedure in the simulation study (averaged over
436 1000 datasets).

 

Corrected values

 

True Apparent
prevalence? prevalence” | Prevalence” Bias! Absolute
60 0.011% 0.002% 0.014% 0.003 pp 0.022 pp
120 0.300% 0.093% 0.307% 0.007 pp 0.114 pp
180 2.383% 0.988%. 2.408% 0.025 pp 0.274 pp
240 6.503% 3.051% 6.518%, 0.015 pp 0.416 pp

 

437 “True cumulative prevalence of infections.

438 —*Cummulative prevalence of infections estimated using a test with decaying sensitivity.
439 — “Cummulative prevalence of infections estimated by the correction procedure.

440 “Difference between true and corrected prevalence.

441 pp: Percent points.

442
mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.org/10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, this version posted

May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder

tor this preprint

(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

443
444

44as

Table 2. Seroprevalence (%) estimates (95% confidence intervals) in Rio Grande do Sul for

each survey.

 

 

 

Survey Wondfo ELISA
Method Values Method Values
1 Measured 0.05 (0.01-0.17) Modelled 0.26 (0.03-1.00)
2 Measured 0.13 (0.05-0.29) Modelled 0.61 (0.19-1.45)
3 Measured 0.22 (0.11-0.41) Modelled 0.94 (0.39-1.90)
4 Measured 0.18 (0.08-0.35) Modelled 0.74 (0.28-1.58)
5 Measured 0.47 (0.28-0.72) Modelled 2.12 (1.12-3.62)
6 Measured 0.96 (0.70-1.27) Modelled 4.15 (2.55-6.36)
7 Measured 1.22 (0.91-1.60) Modelled 4.82 (3.09-7.12)
8 Measured 1.38 (1.05-1.77) Modelled 5.15 (3.40-7.43)
9 Measured 2.04 (1.64-2.52) Measured 9.97 (9.03-10.96)

 
  

mearixiv preprint doi: https:!/doi.orgr10.1101/2021.09.21.2125/094, fhis version posted May 24, 2021. lhe copyright holder for this preprint
(which was not certified by peer review) is the author/funder, who has granted medRxiy a license to display the preprint in perpetuity.
Itis made available under a CC-BY 4.0 International license .

 

446 FIGURE
447

448 Figure 1. Cumulative prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 infection (according to the ELISA test) in Rio
449 | Grande do Sul (Southern Brazil) from February 29, 2020 to February 28, 2021.

 

 

“|— Confirmed cases

o |-e- ELISA (modelled) (95% CI)
2 T |-e- ELISA (measured) (95% CI)
q + Wondfo (measured) (95% CI)
$ o
c
Ss A
s
sem
o +
o
s
S <A
as
5 A
5

a
Õ A

EL
o tASES Ss
T T T

 

 

T T T T T T T
Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb
2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2021 2021

aso Dates
 
 
   

Check tor updates.

 

correspondence

Overcoming Brazil's monumental COVID-19
failure: an urgent call to action

of the world's
population lives in Brazil, a country widely
known for its world-class soccer, its touristic
Carnival and its exuberant—yet under
threat— Amazon forest, Unfortunately,
Brazil is now also known as the global
epicenter for COVID-19. As 0 10 April
2021, 12.0% of all global COVID-19 deaths
took place in Brazil!, and throughout March
2021, this figure was 23.5

On the one hand, record-breaking
death tolls are announced daily, and bed
occupancy in intensive care units (ICUS)
exceeds 100% in many states due to waiting
lists, as supplies of oxygen and medicines
are being depleted. On the other hand, the
country president walks in open and closed
spaces without a face mask, takes selfies
with equally unprotected fans, ignores basic
scientific recommendations, and continues
to represent the greatest threat to Brazil's
response lo COVID-1Sº.

With the causative coronavírus circulating
frecly, il is no coincidence lhat a new variant”
has been identified in Japan in a lraveler who
arrived from Brazil, and it rapidly became
lhe dominant strain throughout Lhe country.
In addition to being more transmissible and
causing more-severe illness, the P.1 variant
is also affecting young people to a much
greater extent than the original strain did.
The Bi variant caused a new cpidemic wave
in the Amazon region, which had also been
the first part of Brazil affected by the first
wave in early 2020 (ref. 7). As the variant
spread in the city of Manaus, hospital beds
became fully occupied and countless patients
died due to the limited availability of hospital
oxygen supplies, the federal government's
response was to send medical teams to the
city to promote ineffective early treatment
(with hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin and
other drugs), and then to contribute to
the spread of the new variant by referring
critically ill patients to most Brazilian state
capitals. No consideration was given to the
establishment of a cordon sunilaire or Lo
bring in medical teams and mobile hospitals
o help contain Lhe spread of lhe new variant.

Denial of science has been a constant
in the response of the federal government
o lhe pandemic. 'The country largest
epidemiological study on COVID-19! was
discontinued by the Ministry of Health—
which is headed by an Army general—in
July 2020, after the study identified marked

 

 

   

   

  

NATURE MEDICINE | vw. nature com/neturemedicine

regional, ethnic and socioeconomic
disparilies in antibody prevalence
throughout the country".

Without ignoring the past, it is now time
to look ahead. First, Brazil needs to leave
behind scientific negationism: The country's
response to the pandemic needs to be driven
by sciences. Second, Brazil needs a paradigm
change. The current clinical approach
prioritizes increasing the number of hospital
beds—in particular, ICU beds—indefinitely,
as well as the widespread promotion of useless
drugs for early treatment. Such an approach
needs to be replaced by population-level
measures to stop the spread of the virus,
such as the widespread use of masks,
evidence-based social-distancing strategies,
large-scale testing and contact-tracing
policies. Several state and municipal
governments have adopted such measures,
even in defiance of federal recommendations,
but in most places, lockdown policies have
been short-lived, the use of face masks is not
mandatory, and general compliance by lhe
population is palchy which is not surprising,
given the poor example provided by the
country's president.

After several months of denying the
importance of vaccines and failing to
procure doses, the federal government
has finally realized the importance of
vaccination as a key strategy for controlling
the pandemic. The most widely available
vaccine in the country is CoronaVac, which
has an efficacy level below that of alternative
vaceines, such as the vaccine from Pfizer,
which the government rejected in mid-2020
despite being offered this vaccine, Liven
the current supplies of CoronaVac and (to
a lesser extent) the vaccine from Oxford-
AstraZeneca are thus far clearly insufficient.
There are two targets to be achieved

 

   

 

 

  

  

over the coming weeks. First, Brazil needs

to average 1.5 million doses of vaccines
administered per day to reach full coverage
of people 18 years of age and older by the end
of lhe year. As of 10 April 2021, on average,

 

  

just over one dose per thousand
ans. The pace of immunization has
accelerated more recently bul is still far from
the above-mentioned target.

Second, there is an urgent need for a
strictly enforced 3-week national lockdown,
a strategy that will save thousands of lives

and will within a few months help rebuild

the country's devastated economy. Given he
importance of the informal economy, civil
society and government sectors, including
the army, must be involved in the distribution
of food rations to the poorest families during
the lockdown. Realistically, enforcement of
such a lockdown will face many barriers,
from the opposition of the national
government to pressure by local businesses.

The R1 variant is a clear indication
that Brazil is uniquely posed to become a
global “variant factory and thus represents
a threat to the whole world. International
organizations and vaccine producers should
prioritize Brazil in vaccine-distribution
efforts. Help is also needed with drugs—
particularly for use in ICUs—and personal
protective equipment.

Political pressure from outside Brazil is
also important. Just like such pressure was
applied to environmental conservation in
Brazil, the current threat to global public
health should be recognized and acted
upon by foreign trade partners. Brazilian
businesspeople were strong supporters of
President Bolsonaro! election and, although
such support has waned over time, they
still represent a strong voice in guiding
national decisions—surely, and
unfortunately, much stronger than the
voice of the scientific community. a

 

 

Pedro C. HallalB and Cesar G. VictoraO
Postgraduate Program in Epidemiology,

Federal Universiiy of Pelotas, Pelotas, Brazil.

Ee mail: prohallalogmail.com

 

  

Published online: 06 May 2021
https:/idoi.org/10.1038/541591-021-01353-2

References
1

 

Mala Cet
Torta, RT. eta! Rev
Hall, PC. Lances 397,37

Leone Club Head 8, 1390-1298 (
Publicada elo CU
az

  
   

m. Sul

   

Author contributions

Noth authors contributed to lhe veriling of this
Correspondence; PC.IT. drafiea the first version
the final version ox the basis of feceback tros
bolk authors en and approved lhe submilled version.

 
  

 

Competing interests.
The autho:s declare no competing interests.
RESEARCH

 

ER CLE SUMMARY |

CORONAVIRUS

Inferring the effectiveness of government
interventions against COVID-19

Jan M. Brauner*+, Sóren Mindermann*+, Mrinank Sharma*+, David Johnston, John Salvatier,
Tomás Gavenéiak, Anna B. Stephenson, Gavin Leech, George Altman, Vladimir Mikulik,
Alexander John Norman, Joshua Teperowski Monrad, Tamay Besiroglu, Hong Ge,

Meghan A. Hartwick, Yee Whye Teh, Leonid Chindelevitcht, Yarin Gal, Jan Kulveitt

INTRODUCTION: Governments across the world
have implemented a wide range of non-
pharmaceutical interventions (NPIs) to miti-
gate the spread of severe acute respiratory
syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Given
the increasing death toll of the pandemic and
the social cost of some interventions, it is
critical to understand their relative effective-
ness. By considering the effects that inter-
ventions had on transmission during the first
wave of the outbreak, goveraments can make
more-informed decisions about how to con-
trol the pandemic.

RATIONALE: Rigorously studying the effective-
ness of individual interventions poses consid-
erable methodological challenges. Simulation
studies can explore scenarios, but they make
strong assumptions that may be difficult to
validate. Data-driven, cross-country modeling
comparing the timing of national interven-
tions to the subsequent numbers of cases or
deaths is a promising alternative approach.
We have collected chronological data on the

Gathering limited to 1000 people or less,
Gatherings limited to 100 peopleor less
Gatherings limited to 10 peopleor less
Some businesses closed

Most nonessential businesses closed

Schools and universities closed

Additional benefit of stay-at-home order
ontopof above NPls

00900009

 

implementation of several interventions in
41 countries between January and the end
of May 2020, using independent double entry
by researchers to ensure high data quality.
Because countries deployed different com-
binations of interventions in different orders
and with different outcomes, it is possible to
disentangle the effect of individual interven-
tions. We estimate the effectiveness of specific
interventions with a Bayesian hierarchical
model by linking intervention implementa-
tion dates to national case and death counts.
We partially pool NPI effectiveness to allow
for country-specifie NPI effects. Our model also
accowts for uncertainty in key epidemiological
parameters, such as the average delay from
infection to death. However, intervention ef
fectiveness estimates should only be used for
policy-making if they are robust across a range
of modeling choices. We therefore support the
results with extensive empirical validation, in-
cluding 11 sensitivity analyses under 206 ex-
perimental conditions. In these analyses, we
show how results change when we vary the

  

00% 175%

 

525%

35.0%
Posterior median reduction in R

Median intervention effectiveness estimates across a suite of 206 analyses with different epidemio-
logical parameters, data, and modeling assumptions. Bayesian inference using a semimechanistic
hierarchical model with observed national case and death data across 41 countries between January and May
2020 is used to infer the effectiveness of several nonpharmaceutical interventions. Although precise
effectiveness estimates depend on the assumed data and parameters, there are clear trends across the
experimental conditions. Violins show kernel density estimates of the posterior median effectiveness across
the sensitivity analysis. R, instantaneous reproduction number.

Brauner et al., Science 371, 802 (2021)

19 February 2021

 

data, the epidemiological parameters, or the
model structure or when we account for
confounders.

RESULTS: While exact intervention effectiveness
estimates varied with modeling assumptions,
broader trends in the resulis were highly con-
sistent across experimental conditions. To de-
seribe these trends, we categorized intervention
efiect sizes as small, moderate, or large, corre-
sponding to posterior median reductions in
the reproduction number R of <17,5%, between
175 and 35%, and >35%, respectively. Across
all experimental conditions, all interventions
could robustly be placed im one ortwo of these
categories. Closing both schools and universities
was consistently highly effective at reducing
transmission at the advent of the pandemic.
Bamning gatherings was effective, with a large
effect size for limiting gatherings to 10 people
orless, amoderate-o-large effect for 100 people
or less, and a smallto-moderate effect for 1000
people or less. Targeted closures of faceto-face
businesses with a high risk of infection, such as
restaurants, bars, and nightelubs, had a small-
tomoderate effect. Closing most nonessential
businesses delivering personal services was only
somewhat more effective (moderate effect).
When these interventions were already in
place, issuinga stay-at-home order had only
a small additional effect. These results indicate
that, by using effective interventions, some
countries could control the epidemic while
avoiding stay-at-home orders.

CONCLUSION: We estimated the effecis ofnon-
pharmaceutical interventions on COVID-19
transmission in 41 comtries during the first
wave of the pandemic, Some interventions
were robustiy more effective than others. This
work may provide insights into which areas of
public life require additional interventions to
be able to maintain activity despite the pan-
demic. However, because of the limitations
inherent in observational study designs, our
estimates should not be seen as final but
rather as a contribution to a diverse body of
evidence, alongside other retrospective studies,
simulation studies, and experimental trials.

The list of author affliztions is available in the ful article online
*Corresponding author. Email: jan.braunerâcs.ox ac uk
(1MB.); sorenmindermanndes.ox.ac.Uk (S.M); mrinank
robots.ox.ac.uk (M.S.)

fThese authors contributed equaly to this work,

AThese authors contributed equaly to this work.

This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of
the Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creative-
commons.org/licenses/by/4.07), which permits unrestricted
use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided
the original work is property cited.

Cite this article as J. M. Brauner et al, Science 371,
eabd9338 (2021). DOI: 10.1126/science.abd9338

READ THE FULL ARTICLE AT
https://doi.org/10.1126/science.abd9338

 

1of1

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH

 

RDI:

CORONAVIRUS

 

CLE

Inferring the effectiveness of government
interventions against COVID-19

Jan M. Brauner!2*+, Sôren Mindermann!*+, Mrinank Sharma?34*+, David Johnston, John Salvatier?,
Tomás Gaveniiak”, Anna B. Stephenson?, Gavin Leechº, George Altman'?, Vladimir MikulikZ,
Alexander John Norman? Joshua Teperowski Monrad?:314, Tamay Besiroglu'º, Hong Ge!S,

Meghan A. Hartwick”, Yee Whye Teh?, Leonid Chindelevitch'3º+, Yarin Gal!f, Jan Kulveit?;.

Governments are attempting to control the COVID-19 pandemic with nonpharmaceutical interventions
(NPIs). However, the effectiveness of different NPIs at reducing transmission is poorly understood. We
gathered chronological data on the implementation of NPIs for several European and non-European
countries between January and the end of May 2020. We estimated the effectiveness of these NPIs,
which range from limiting gathering sizes and closing businesses or educational institutions to
stay-at-home orders. To do so, we used a Bayesian hierarchical model that links NPI implementation
dates to national case and death counts and supported the results with extensive empirical validation.
Closing all educational institutions, limiting gatherings to 10 people or less, and closing face-to-face
businesses each reduced transmission considerably. The additional effect of stay-at-home orders was

comparatively small.

orldwide, governments have mobi
lized resources to fight the COVIDAO
pandemic. A wide range of non-
pharmaceutical interventions (NPIs)
has been deployed, including stay-at-
home orders and the closure of all nonessential
businesses. Recent analyses show that these
laxge-scale NPIs were jointly effective at reduc-
ing the viruss effective reproduction number
Re (0), but it is still largely unknown how
effective individual NPIs were. As more data

'Oxford Applied and Theoretical Machine Leaming (OATML)
Group, Department of Computer Science, University of
Oxford, Oxford, UK. “Future of Humanity Institute, University
of Oxford, Oxford, UK. “Department of Statistics, University
of Oxford, Oxford, UK. “Department of Engineering Science,
University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. “College of Engineering and
Computer Science, Australian National University, Canberra,
Australia. “Quantified Uncertainty Research Institute, San
Francisco, CA, USA. “Independent scholar, Prague, Czech
Republic. “Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering
and Applied Sciences, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA,
USA. “School of Computer Science, University of Bristol,
Bristol, UK. “School of Medical Sciences, University of
Manchester, Manchester, UK. Independent scholar, London,
UK. Mathematical, Physical and Life Sciences (MPLS)
Doctaral Training Centre, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.
Faculty of Public Health and Policy, London School of
Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, London, UK. “Department of
Health Policy, London School af Ecanomics and Political
Science, London, UK. “Faculty of Economics, University of
Cambridge, Cambridge, UK. “Engineering Department,
University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK. “ Tufts Initiative for
the Forecasting and Modeling of Infectious Diseases, Tufts.
University, Boston, MA, USA. “Medical Research Council
(MRC) Centre for Global Infectiaus Disease Analysis, School
af Public Health, Imperial College Landon, London, UK.
Vabdul Latif Jameel Institute for Disease and Emergency
Analytics (JHDEA), School of Public Health, Imperial Colege
London, London, UK.

"Corresponding author. Email janbraunerQos.oxacuk (JM.B.);
soren mindermannfes.oxac.uk (SM); mrinankarobots.ox..
uk (M.S.) fThese authors contributed equaly to this work.
These authors contributed equaly o this work

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9338 (2021)

 

become available, we can move beyond esti-
mating the combined effect of a bundle of
NPIs and begin to understand the effecis of
individual interventions. This can help govem-
ments efficiently control the epidemic, by
focusing on the most effective NPIs to case
the burden put on the population.

A promising way to estimate NPI effective-
ness is data-driven, cross-country modeling:
inferring effectiveness by relating the NPIs
implemented in different countries to the
course of the epidemic in these countries. To
disentangle the effects of individual NPIs, we
need to leverage data from multiple coun-
tries with diverse sets of interventions in place.
Previous data-driven studies (table S8) esti-
mate effectiveness for individual countries
(2-4) or NPIs, although some exceptions do
exist [(7, 5-8); summarized in table S7. In
contrast, we evaluated the impact of several
NPIs on the epidemic's growth in 34 European
and 7 non-Enropean countries, If all countries
implemented the same set of NPIs on the same
day, the individual effect of each NPI would
be unidentifiable. However, the COVID-19 re-
sponse was far less coordinated: Countries
implemented different seis of NPIs at differ-
ent times and in different orders (Fig. 1).

Even with diverse data ftom many countries,
estimating NPI effecis remains a challenging
task. To begin with, models are based on un-
certain epidemiological parameters; our NPI
effectiveness study incorporates some of this
uncertainty directly into the model. Further-
more, the data are retrospective and observa-
tional, meaning that unobserved factors could
confound the resulis. Also, NPI efifectiveness
estimates can be highly sensitive to arbitrary

19 February 2021

 

modeling decisions, as shown by two recent
replication studies (9, 10). And finally, large-
scale public NPI datasets suffer from frequent
inconsistencies (77) and missing data (12).
Hence, the data and the model must be care-
fully validated if they are to be used to guide
policy decisions. We have collected a large
public dataset on NPI implementation dates
that has been validated by independent double
entry, and we have extensively validated our
effectiveness estimates. This validation of data
and model is a crucial but often absent or in-
complete element of COVID-19 NPI effective-
ness studies (70).

Our resulis provide insight on the amomt
of COVID-19 transmission associated with var-
jous areas and activities of public life, such as
gatherings of different sizes, Therefore, they
may inform the packages of interventions that
countries implement to control transmission
incurrent and future waves of infections. How-
ever, we need to be careful when interpreting
this study's resulis. We only analyzed the effect
NPIs had between January and the end of May
2020, and NPI effectiveness may change over
time as circumstances change. Lifting an NPI
does not imply that transmission will retum to
its original level, and our window of analysis
does not include relaxation of NPIs. These and
other limitations are detailed in the Discussion
section.

Cross-country NPI effectiveness modeling

We analyzed the eftecis ofseven commonty used
NPIs between 22 January and 30 May 2020. AU
NPIs aimed to reduce the number of contacis
within the population (Table 1). If a country
lifted an NPI before 30 May, the window of
analysis for that country terminates on the
day of the lifting (see Materials and methods).
To ensure high data quality, all NPI data were
independentiy entered by two of the authors
(independent double entry) using primary
sources and then manually compared with
several public dataseis. Data on confirmed
COVIDAY cases and deaths were taken from
the Jobns Hopkins Center for Systems Science
and Engineering (CSSE) COVID-I9 Dataset
(13). The data used in this study, induding
sources, are available online (14).

We estimated the effectiveness of NPIs with
a Bayesian hierarchical model. We used case
and death data from each comntryto infer the
number of new infections at each point in
time, which is itself used to infer the (instan-
taneous) reproduction number R, over time.
NP effecis were then estimated by relating
the daily reproduction numbers to the active
NPIs, across all days and countries. This rela-
tivelysimple, data-driven approach allowed us
to sidestep assumptions about contact pattems
and intensity, infectiousness of different age
groups, and so forth that are typically required
in modeling studies. This approach also

1ofs

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH | RESEARCH ARTICLE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ma Fa E
a: , Fa
Albania E x Lithuania = * YR gp
Andorra Ed Wo mM Malaysia
Austria =Ê x xá Malta
Belgium z Mexico
Bosnia end
Herzegovina sa Morooco
a
Bugio oa E x” Nethertando
2 =x
a New
Croatia a sã x E 4 Zealand
Czech m Ea
Remublo Ema sa “o E má Noruay
ma
Denmark e W sá Poland
Estonia Portugal
Finland sá Romania
Franco x Serbia
Georgia pá Singapore
Germany Wo Slovakia
a
Gresco ax Slovenia
É South
Hungamy E Africa
Iceland * =. Spain
lrland Sweden
m
lsraol é m Strand 5 as nox sm
” United ne
taty x Kingdom ni
Latvia = *
a Es EEE
vc 0,6585229 95555 uu 0555558358 55555
Commencing SD dB a = 3 da Commencig iv ZA dA

 

 

G

 

cera cido | 28 Gueiros it | 28 Gueto cio) (8 uniao | na ses rs )

 

Fig. 1 Timing of NPI implementations in early 2020. Crossed-out icons signify when an NPI was lifted. Detailed definitions of the NPIs are given in Table 1.

allowed us to directly model many sources
of uncertainty, such as uncertain epidemio-
logical parameters, differences in NPI effec-
tiveness between countries, unknown changes
in testing and infection fatality rates, and the
effect of unobserved influences on R,. The
code is available online (14).

Effectiveness of individual NPIs

Our model enabled us to estimate the indi-
vidual effectiveness of each NPI, expressed as
a percentage reduction in &. We quantified
uncertainty with Bayesian prediction inter-
vals, which are wider than standard credible
intervals. Bayesian prediction intervals reflect
differences in NPI effectiveness across coun-

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9338 (2021)

tries among several other sources of uncer-
tainty. They are analogous to the standard
deviation of the effectiveness across coun-
tries rather than the standard error of the
mean effectiveness. Under the default model
settings, the percentage reduction in R, (with
95% prediction interval; Fig, 2) associated with
each NPI was as follows: limiting gatherings to
1000 people or less: 23% (0 to 40%); limit-
ing gatherings to 100 people or less: 34%
(12 to 52%); limiting gatherings to 10 people
or less: 42% (17 to 60%); closing some high-
risk face-to-face businesses: 18% (-8 to 40%);
closing most nonessential face-to-face busi-
nesses: 27% (-3 to 49%); closing both schools
and universities in conjunction: 38% (16 to

19 February 2021

549%); and issuing stay-at-home orders (adai-
tional effect on top of all other NPIs): 13%
(-5 to 31%). Note that we were not able to
robustly disentangle the individual effects
of closing only schools or only universities,
because these NPIs were implemented on
the same day or in close suecession in most
countries [except Iceland and Sweden, where
only universities were closed (see also fig.
S21)]. We thus reported “schools and uni-
versities closed” as one NPL.

Some NPIs frequentiy co-occurred ie, were
party collinear. However, we were able to
isolate the effects of individual NPIs, because
the collinearity was imperfect and our data-
set large. For every pair of NPIs, we observed

2ofs8

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH | RESEARCH ARTICLE

 

Table 1. NPIs included in the study.

NPI

Description

 

Gatherings limited to
1000 people or less

Gatherings limited to
100 people or less

Gatherings limited to
10 people or less

Some businesses closed

Most nonessential
businesses closed

Schools closed

Universities closed

Stay-at-home order

one without the other for 504 days across all
countries (country-days) on average (table 55).
The minimum number of country-days for any
NPI pair is 148 (for limiting gatherings to 1000
or 100 attendees). Additionally, under exces-
sive collinearity, and insufficient data to over-
come it, individual effectiveness estimates would
be highly sensitive to variations in the data and
model parameters (15). Indeed, high sensitivity
prevented Flaxman et al. (7), who had a smaller
dataset, ftom disentangling NPI effecis (9). In
contrast, our effectiveness estimates are sub-
stantially less sensitive (see below). Finally, the
posterior correlations between the efiectiveness
estimates are weak, fither suggesting manage-
able collinearity (fig. $22)

Effectiveness of NPI combinations

Although the correlations between the indi-
vidual estimates were weak, we took them
into account when evaluating combined NPI
effectiveness. For example, if two NPIs fre-
quently co-occur; there may be more certainty
about the combined effectiveness than about
the effectiveness of each NPI individualy.
Figure 3 shows the combined effectiveness of
the sets of NPIs that are most common in our
data. In combination, the NPIs in this study
reduced R, by 77% (67 to 85%). Across coun-
tries, the mean R, without any NPIs (ie, the
Ro) was 3.3 (table 84). Starting from this num-
bez, the estimated R, likely could have been
brought below 1 by closing schools and univer-
sities, closing high-risk businesses, and limiting
gathering sizes to at most 10 people. Readers can

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9338 (2021)

 

A country has set a size limit on gatherings. The limit is at most 1000 people
(often less), and gatherings above the maximum size are disallowed.
For example, a ban on gatherings of 500 people or more would be classified as
“gatherings limited to 1000 or less,” but a ban on gatherings of 2000 people or more would not.

A country has set a size limit on gatherings. The limit is at most 100 people (often less).

A country has set a size limit on gatherings. The limit is at most 10 people (often less).

À country has specified a few kinds of face-to-face businesses that are
considered high risk and need to suspend operations (black).
Common examples are restaurants, bars, nightclubs, cinemas, and gyms.
By default, businesses are not suspended.
À country has suspended the operations of many face-to-face businesses.
By default, face-to-face businesses are suspended unless they are designated as essential (vhitelist).
À country has closed most or ali schools.
À country has closed most or all universities and higher-education facilities.

An order for the general public to stay at home has been issued. This is mandatory, not just a
recommendation. Exemptions are usually granted for certain purposes (such as shopping.
exercise, or going to work) or, more rarely, for certain times of the day. Whenever countries.
in our dataset introduced stay-at-home orders, they essentially always also implemented, or already
had in place, all other NPIs listed in this table. AII these are encoded as distinct NPIs in the data. In our results,

we thus estimate the additional effect of a stay-at-home order on top of all other NPIs.

interactively explore the effecis of sets of NPIs
with our online mitigation calculator (16). A
comma-separated value file containing the
joint efiectiveness of all NPI combinations is
available online (74).

Sensitivity and validation

We performed a range of validation and sen-
sitivity experiments (figs. S2 to S19). First, we
analyzed how the model extrapolated to coun-
tries that did not contribute data for fitting the
model, and we found that it could generate
calibrated forecasts for up to 2 months, with
uncertainty increasing over time, Multiple
sensitivity analyses showed how the results
changed when we modified the priors over
epidemiological parameters, excluded countries
from the dataset, used only deaths or confirmed
cases as observations, varied the data prepro-
cessing, and more. Finally, we tested our key
assumptions by showing results for several
altemative models [structural sensitivity (70)]
and examined possible confounding of our es-
timates by unobserved factors influencing Rr
In total, we considered NPI effectiveness un-
der 206 alternative experimental conditions
(Fig. 44). Compared with the results obtained
under our default settings (Figs. 2 and 3),
median NPI effectiveness varied under alter-
native plausible experimental conditions. How-
ever, the trends in the results are robust, and
some NPIs outperformed others under all tested
conditions. Although we tested large ranges
of plausible values, our experiments did not
include every possible source of uncertainty.

 

19 February 2021

We categorized NPI effecis into small, mod-
erate, and large, which we define asa posterior
median reduction in R, of <17.5%, between 17.5
and 25%, and >35% respectively (vertical lines
in Fig. 4). Four of the NPIs fell into the same
category across a large fraction of experimen-
tal conditions: dosing both schools and uni-
versíties was associated with a large effect in
96% of experimental conditions, and limiting
gatherings to 10 people or less had a large ef
fect in 99% of conditions. Closing most non-
essential businesses had a moderate effect in
98% of conditions. Issuing stay-at-home orders
(that is, im addition to the other NPIs) fell into
the “small effect” category in 96% of experi-
mental conditions. Three NPIs fell less clearly
into one category: Limiting gatherings to 1000
people or less had a smallto-moderate effect
(moderate in 81% of conditions) while limit-
ing gatherings to 100 people or less had a
moderate-to-large effect (moderate in 66% of
conditions). Finally, closing some high-risk
businesses, including bars, restaurants, and
nighiclubs, had a small-to-moderate effect
(moderate in 58% of conditions), Limiting gather-
ings to 1000 people or less was the NPI with the
highest variation in median effectiveness across
the experimental conditions (Fig, 44), which may
refleet this NPI'S partial collinearity with limiting
gatherings to 100 people or less.

Aggregating all sensitivity analyses can hide
sensitivity to specific assumptions. We display
the median NPI effects in four categories of
sensitivity analyses (Fig. 4, B to E), and each
individual sensitivity analysis is shown in the

Sofs

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH | RESEARCH ARTICLE

 

supplementary materials, The trends in the
results are also stable within these categories.

Discussion

We used a data-driven approach to estimate
the effects that seven nonpharmacentical in-
terventions had on COVID-9 transmission in
41 countries between January and the end of
May 2020. We found that several NPIs were
associated with a clear reduction in R, in line
with mounting evidence that NPIs are effec-
tive at mitigating and suppressing outbreaks
of COVIDA. Furthermore, our resulis indicate
that some NPIS outperformed others. While
the exact effectiveness estimates vary with
modeling assumptions, the broad conclusions
discussed below are largely robust across
206 experimental conditions in 1 sensitivity
analyses.

Business closures and gathering bans both
seem to have been effective at reducing
COVIDAY transmission. Closing most non-
essential face-to-face businesses was only some-
what more effective than targeted closures,
which only affected businesses with high in-
fection risk, such as bars, restaurants, and
nightelubs (see also Table 1). Therefore, tar-
geted business closures can be a promising
policy option in some cireumstances. Limit-
ing gatherings to 10 people or less was more
effective than limits of up to 100 or 1000
people and had a more robust effect estimate.
Note that our estimates are derived from data
between January and May 2020, a period
when most gatherings were likely indoors
owing to the weather.

Whenever countries in our dataset intro-
duced stay-at-home orders, they essentially
always also implemented, or already had in
place, all other NPIs in this study. We ac-
counted for these other NPIs separately and
isolated the effect of ordering the population
to stay at home, in addition to the effect ofall
other NPIs. In accordance with other studies
that took this approach (2, 6), we found that
issuing a stay-at-home order had a small effect
when a country had already closed educational
institutions and nonessential businesses and
had banned gatherings. In contrast, Flasman et al.
(7) and Hsiang et al. (3) included the effect of
several NPIs in the effectiveness of their stay-at-
home order (or “lockdown”) NPIs and accord-
ingly found a large effect for this NPL Our
finding suggests that some countries may have
been able to reduce R, to <1 without a stay-at-
home order (Fig 3) by issuing other NPIs.

We found a large effect for closing both
schools and universities in conjunction, which
was remarkably robust across different model
structures, variations in the data, and epide-
miological assumptions (Fig. 4). This effect
remained robust when controlling for NPIs
excluded from our study (fig. S9). Our approach
cannot distinguish direct effecis on transmission

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9338 (2021)

 

19 February 2021

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

€) | Gatherings limited to 1000 people or less k «as
T
GO | Gatherings limited to 100 people or less ) OD —
co 1
O Satheringsimitedto 30 peopleorless =D
1!
T
O | somebusinesses closed 1 €0D
1
T
OO | Mostnonessential businesses closed e OD —
'
!
GO schools and universities closed 1 OD —
1
o Additional effect of a stay-at-home order on top of ! ao
above NPIs
,
T T T T 1
«25% 0% 25% so% 75%

Reduction in R, in the context of our data

Fig. 2. NPI effectiveness under default model settings. Posterior percentage reductions in R; with
median, 50%, and 95% prediction intervals shown. Prediction intervals reflect many sources of uncertainty,
including NPI effectiveness varying by country and uncertainty in epidemiological parameters. A negative
1% reduction refers to a 1% increase in R, “Schools and universities closed” shows the joint effect of closing
both schools and universities; the individual effect of closing just one will be smaller (see text). Cumulative
effects are shown for hierarchical NPIs (gathering bans and business closures), that is, the result for “Most
nonessential businesses closed” shows the cumulative effect of two NPIs with separate parameters and
icons—closing some (high-risk) businesses, and additionally closing most remaining (non-high-risk but
nonessential) businesses given that some businesses are already closed.

 

   

 

A
ao
354 E seara esera a
q 04
É as
= 20)
Es
ê o 1 DIVGOSO: :
051 &
oo T T T T T T T
1 2 3 4 5 6 7
Number of NPIs active
B

 

 

5960009

 

Maximum Re that
can be brought below 1

1,0009906

9 T T T T T T T
1 2 3 a 5 6 7

Number of NPIs active

 

 

 

 

Fig. 3. Combined NPI effectiveness for the 15 most commonly implemented sets of NPIs in our data.
Black and gray bars denote 50% and 95% Bayesian preciction intervals, respectively. (A) Predicted R after
implementation of each set of NPIs, assuming Ro = 3.3. (B) Maximum Ro that can be reduced to R+ below 1 by
common sets of NPIs. Readers can interactively explore the effects of all sets of NPI, while setting Ro and
adjusting NPI effectiveness to local circumstances, with our online mitigation calculator (16).

4ofs

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH | RESEARCH ARTICLE

 

A All Sensitivity Analyses (206 conditions)

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

(O) Gatherings limited to 1000 people or less | cet
(O | Gatherings limited to 100 people or less i ! <S
“ Gatherings limited to 10 people or less : o“ A
O | somebusinesses closed ;
OO — Mostnonessental businesses closed | <>
GO schooisand universities closed ' ' O
O | fsiitiona! benefitotstayat-home order t : '
on top of above Nes. ! k :
00% 5% 350% 525%
Median reduction in R,
B fisdsisimcare O Diizandpreprocessno  P) | EpidemiologicalPriors E. Unobsarved Factors.
(conditions) (52 conditions) (135 conditions) (44 conditions)
Fr o += 1 Rs
E te
1 apo 1
E]

 

Re
£

 

 

 

   

à

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

T TT T— T—T
DO% 375% 350% 55% 00% 175% 350% BS 00% 175% 350% SAS 00% 175% 350% 525%

Lo medianreductoninr, ——

 

Fig. 4. Median NPI effectiveness across the sensitivity analyses. (A) Median NPI effectiveness
(reduction in Ro when varying different components of the model or the data in 206 experimental conditions.
Results are displayed as violin plots, using kemel density estimation to create the distributions. Inside

the violins, the box plots show median and interquartile range. The vertical lines mark O, 17.5, and 35%
(see text). (B to E) Categorized sensitivity analyses. (B) Sensitivity to model structure. Using only cases or
onty deaths as observations (two experimental conditions; fig. S7); varying the model structure (three
conditions; fig. S8, left). (C) Sensitivity to data and preprocessing. Leaving out countries from the dataset
(42 conditions; figs. S5 and S21); varying the threshold below which cases and deaths are masked (eight
conditions; fig. S13) sensitivity to correcting for undocumented cases and to country-level differences in case
ascertainment (two conditions; fig. S6). (D) Sensitivity to epidemiological parameters. Jointly varying the
means of the priors over the means of the generation interval, the infection-to-case-contirmation delay, and
the infection-to-death delay (125 conditions; fig. S1O; varying the prior over Ro (four conditions; fig. SIL);
varying the prior over NPI effect parameters (three conditions; fig. SLI), varying the prior over the degree to
which NPI effects vary across countries (three conditions; fig. S12). (E) Sensitivity to unobserved factors
influencing R+. Excluding observed NPIs one at a time (eight conditions; fig. S9); controling for additional
NPIs from a different dataset (six conditions; fig. S9).

in schools and universities from indirect effects,
such as the general population behaving more
cautiously after school closures signaled the
gravity of the pandemic. Additionally, because
school and university closures were imple-
mented on the same day or in close suecession
in most of the countries we studied, our ap-
proach cannot distinguish their individual ef
fects (fig. S21). This limitation likely also holds
for other observational studies that do not in-
clude data on university dlosures and estimate
only the effect of school closures (1-3, 5-8).
Furthermore, our sindy does not provide evi-
dence on the efiect of closing preschools and
nurseries.

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9338 (2021)

Previous evidence on the role of pupils and
students in transmission is mixed. Although
infected young people (-12 to 25 years of age)
are often asymptomatic, they appear to shed
similar amounts of virus as older people
(I7, 18) and might therefore infect higher-
risk individuals. Early data suggested that
chilren and young adults had a notably lower
observed incidence rate than older adults—
whether this was due to school and univer-
sity dosures remains unknown (19-22). In
contrast, the recent resurgence of cases in
European countries has been concentrated
in the age group corresponding to secondary
school and higher education (especially the

19 February 2021

 

latter) and is now spreading to older age
groups as well as primary school-aged children
(23, 24), Primary schools may be generally less
affected than secondary schools (20, 25-28),
perhaps partly because children under the age
of 12 are less susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 (29).

Our study has several limitations. (i) NPI
effectiveness may depend on the context of
implementation, such as the presence of other
NPIs, country demographies, and specific im-
plementation details. Our results thus need to
be interpreted as indicating the effectiveness
in the contexts in which the NPI was imple-
mented in our data (70). For example, in a
country with a comparatively old population,
the effectiveness of closing schools and uni-
versities would likely have been on the lower
end of our prediction interval. Expert judg-
ment should thus be used to adjust our esti-
mates to local circumstances. (ij) R may have
been reduced by unobserved NPIs or volun-
tary behavior changes such as mask-wearing.
To investigate whether the effect of these po-
tential confounders could be falsely attributed
to the observed NPIs, we performed several
additional analyses and found that our results
are stable to a range of unobserved factors
(fig. S9). However, this sensitivity check can-
not provide certainty, and investigating the
role of unobserved factors is an important
topie to explore further. (iii) Our results can-
not be used without qualification to predict
the effect of lifting NPIs. For example, closing
schools and universities in conjunction seems
to have greatIy reduced transmission, but this
does not mean that reopening them will nee-
essarily cause infections to soar. Educational
institutions can implement safety measures,
such as reduced class sizes, as they reopen.
However, the nearly 40,000 confirmed cases
associated with universities in the United
Kingdom since they reopened in September
2020 show that educational institutions may
still play a large role in transmission, despite
safety measures (20). (iv) We donot have data
on some promising interventions, such as test-
ing, tracing, and case isolation. These inter-
ventions could become an important part of a
cost-effective epidemic response (37), but we
did not include them because it is difficult to
obtain comprehensive data on their imple-
mentation. In addition, although the data are
morereadily available, itis difficult to estimate
the effect of mask-wearing in public spaces
because there was limited public life as a result
of other NPIs. We discuss further limitations
in supplementary text section E.

Although our work focused on estimating the
impact of NPIs on the reproduction number R,
the ultimate goal of governments may be to
reduce the incidence, prevalence, and excess
mortality of COVIDA9. For this, controlling
R, is essential, but the contribution of NPIs
toward these goals may also be mediated by

5of8

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH | RESEARCH ARTICLE

 

 

”
For each country c

 

 

Basic reproduction
number Roc

  

 

   
 
 
     

For each day t

  

ET
[ETA

  

EE
reductions

Country-Specific Effect Parameter of Intervention i, a;

CETreo

 

Mean Effect Parameter of Intervention i, q;

CEEE CEEDD EEE
E E

 

Fig. 5. Model overview. Unshaded, white nodes are observed. From bottom to top: The mean effect
parameter of NPI fis os, and the country-specific effect parameter is ay. On each day t, a country's daily
reproduction number Re depends on the country's basic reproduction number Ros and the active NPIs.
The active NPIs are encoded by Xe. which is Lif NPI fis active in country c at time t, and O otherwise. Rec is
transformed into the daily growth rate g; using the generation interval parameters and subsequently is used
to compute the new infections Nf?) and Nf?) that will subsequentty become confirmed cases and deaths,

respectively. Finally, the expected numbers of daily confirmed cases y

o)

(º) and deaths yfP) are computed using

discrete convolutions of Nf) with the relevant delay distributions. Our model uses both case and death
data; it splits all nodes above the daily growth rate gec into separate branches for deaths and confirmed
cases. We account for uncertainty in the generation interval, infection-to-case confirmation delay, and the
infection-to-death delay by placing priors over the parameters of these distributions.

other factors, such as their duration and timing
(82), periodicity and adherence (33, 24), and
successful containment (25). While each of
these factors addresses transmission within
individual countries, it can be crucial to also
synchronize NPIs between countries, given
that cases can be imported (36).

Many governments around the world seek
to keep R, below 1 while minimizing the
social and economic costs of their interven-
tons. Our work offers insights into which
areas of public life are most in need of virus
containment measures so that activities can
continue as the pandemic develops; however,
our estimates should not be taken as the final
word on NPI effectiveness.

Materials and methods
Dataset

We analyzed the effects of NPIs (Table 1) in
41 countries (27) (Fig. 1). We recorded NPI
implementations when the measures were
implemented nationally or in mostregions
of a country (affecting at least three-fourths
of the population). We recorded only manda-

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9338 (2021)

 

tory restrictions, not recommendations. Sup-
plementary text section G details how edge
cases in the data collection were handled. For
each country, the window of analysis starts
on 22 January and ends either after the first
lifting of an NPI oron 30 May 2020, whichever
came first. The reason to end the analysis after
the first major reopening (38) was to avoid a
distribution shift. For example, when schools
reopened, it was often with safety measures,
such as smaller class sizes and distancing rules.
It is therefore expected that contact patternsin
schools will have been different before school
closure compared with after reopening. Model-
ing this difference explicitly is left for future
work. Data on confirmed COVID-19 cases and
deaths were taken from the Johns Hopkins
CSSE COVID-9 Dataset (13). The data used
in this study, including sources, are available
online (14).

Data collection

We collected data on the start and end dates
of NPI implementations, from the start of the
pandemic until 30 May 2020. Before colleci-

19 February 2021

 

ing the data, we experimented with several
public NPI datasets, finding that they were
not complete enough for our modeling and
contained incorrect dates (29). By focusing
on a smaller set of countries and NPIs than
these datasets, we were able to enforce strong
quality controls: We used independent double
entry and manually compared our data with
public datasets for cross-checking.

First, two authors independentiy researched
each country and entered the NPI data into
separate spreadsheeis. The researchers manu-
ally rescarched the dates using internet
searches: There was no automatic component
in the data-gathering process. The average
time spent researching each country was
15 hours per researcher. Next, the researchers
independentIy compared their entries against
two public dataseis, the Epidemic Forecasting
Global NPI (EFGNPI) Database (40) and the
Oxford COVIDAS Government Response Tracker
(47), and, if there were conflicis, visited all pri-
mary sources to resolve the conflicis. After that,
each country and NPI was again independentiy
entered by one to three paid contractors, who
were provided with a detailed description of
the NPIs and asked to include primary sources
with their data. A researcher then resolved any
conflicis between this data and one (but not
both) of the spreadsheeis. Finally, the two inde-
pendent spreadsheeis were combined and all
conflicis resolved by a rescarcher. The final
dataset contains primary sources (govern-
ment websites and/or media articles) for
each entry.

Data preprocessing

When the case count is small, a large fraction
of cases may be imported from other countries
and the testing regime may change rapidly.
To prevent this from biasing our model, we
neglected case numbers before a country had
Teached 100 confirmed cases and fatality num-
bers before a country had reached 10 deaths.
We included these thresholds in our sensitivity
analysis (fig. SIS).

Brief model description

In this section, we give a short summary of the
model (Fig, 5). The detailed model description
is given in supplementary text section A.
Briefly, our model uses case and death data
from each country to “backward” infer the
number of new infections at each point in
time, which is itself used to infer the reprodue-
tion numbers. NPI effecis are then estimated
by relating the daily reproduction numbers to
the active NPIs, across all days and countries.
This relatively simple, data-driven approach
allowed us to sidestep assumptions about con-
tact patterns and intensity, infectiousness of
different age groups, and so forth that are
typically required in modeling studies, Code
is available online (14).

6ofs

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH | RESEARCH ARTICLE

 

Our model builds on the semimechanistie
Bayesian hierarchical model of Flaxman et al.
(7), with several additions. First, we allow our
model to observe both case and death data.
This increases the amount of data from which
we can extract NPI effects, reduces distinct
biases in case and death reporting, and re-
duces the bias from including only countries
with many deaths. Second, since epidemiolog-
ical parameters are only known with uncer-
tainty, we place priors over them, following
recent recommended practice (42). Third, as
we do not aim to infer the total number of
COVID-19 infections, we can avoid assuming
a specific infection fatality rate (IFR) or ascer-
tainment rate (rate of testing). Fourth, we
allow the effects of all NPIs to vary across
countries, reflecting differences in NPI im-
plementation and adherence.

We now describe the model by going
through Fig. 5 from bottom to top. The growth
of the epidemie is determined by the time- and
country-specific reproduction number Rçe,
which depends on (3) the (unobserved) basic
reproduction number in country €, Roo and
(ii) the active NPIs at time t. Ro, accounts for
all time-invariant factors that affect transmis-
sion in country c, such as differences in demo-
graphics, population density, culture, and health
systems (49).

Following Flaxman etal. and others (3, 6, 8),
cach NPL is assumed to independentiy affect
Rsç as à multiplicative factor

1
Ric = Roc] [ exp(-aictrce)
E

where 2:;,, = 1 indicates that NPI í is active in
country con day t (x;,e = O otherwise), Iis the
number of NPIs, and 0, is the effect param-
eter for NPI í in country c. The multiplicative
effect encodes the plausible assumption that
NPIs have a smaller absolute effect when R,cis
already low.

We assume that the effect of each NPI on
Rec is stable across time but can vary across
countries to some degree. Concretely, the ef.
fect parameter of intervention í in country c is
defined as 01, = G; + Ze, Where q; represents
the mean effect parameter, and 2;.-N'(0, 07).
The variance 2 corresponds to the degree of
cross-country variation in the effectiveness
of NPI à and is inferred from the data. This
partial pooling of NPI effect parameters min-
imizes bias from comtry-specific sources
while also reflecting that NPI effectiveness
is likely different across countries. We define
the effectiveness of NPI í as the percentage
reduction in R, associated with NPI à across
countries. This effectiveness, displayed in Figs.
2 to 4, is computed as 1 - exp(-(a; + 2)), where
again z-N(0,62) and o? is drawn from its
posterior. We place an asymmetric Laplace
prior on a; that allows for both positive and

 

 

 

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9:

 

38 (2021)

 

negative effects but places 80% of its proba-
bility mass on positive effects, reflecting that
NPIs are more likely to reduce R,- than to
increase it.

In the early phase of an epidemic, the num-
ber of new daily infections grows exponen-
tially. During exponential growth, there is a
one-to-one correspondence between the daily
growth rate and R,, (44). The correspondence
depends on the generation interval (the time
between suecessive infections in a chain of
transmission), which we assume to have a
gamma distribution. The prior on the mean
generation interval has a mean of 5.06 days,
derived from a meta-analysis (45).

We model the daily new infection count
separately for confirmed cases and deaths,
representing those infections that are sub-
sequently reported and those that are sub-
sequently fatal. However, both infection
numbers are assumed to grow at the same
daily rate im expectation, allowing the use of
both data sources to estimate each q; The
infection numbers translate into reported
confirmed cases and deaths after a delay. The
delay is the sum of two independent distri-
butions, assumed to be equal across countries:
the incubation period and the delay from
onset of symptoms to confirmation. We put
priors over the means of both distributions,
resulting in a prior over the mean infection-
to-confirmation delay with a mean of 10.92 days
(45) (see supplementary text section 4.3). Sim-
ilanly, the infection+o-death delay is the sum of
the incubation period and the delay from onset
of symptoms to death, and the prior over its
mean has a mean of 218 days (45). Finally, as in
related models (3, 6), both the reported cases
and deaths follow a negative binomial output
distribution with separate inferred dispersion
parameters for cases and deaths.

Using a Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)
sampling algorithm (46), this model infers
posterior distributions of each NPT' effec-
tiveness while accounting for cross-comntry
variations in effectiveness, reporting, and fatal
ity ratesas well as uncertainty im the generation
interval and delay distributions. To analyze the
extent to which modeling assumptions affect
the results, our sensitivity analysis included
all epidemiological parameters, prior distri-
butions, and many of the structural assump-
tions introduced above. MCMC convergence
statistics are shown in fig. SI9.

REFERENCES AND NOTES
1.5 Flawmanet al, Estimating the effects of non-pharmaceutical
intenentions on COVID-S in Europe. Nature 584, 257-261
(2020) doi: 10.1038/541586-020-2405-7; pmid: 32512579

2. ) Dehning etal, Inferring change points in the spread of
COVID-S reveals the effectiveness of interventions
Scienos 369, eabb9789 (2020). doi: 101126/science.abb9788:
pm: 32414780

3 S Hoianget a), The effect of brge-scale anti-contagion policies
on the COVID-S pandemic. Nature 584, 262-267 (2020).
doi: 10.1038/541586-020:2404-8; pri: 32512578

19 February 2021

 

>

5

B

2,

a

2

s

S Lai etal, Effect of nom- pharmaceutical interventions to
contain COMIDAS in China, Nature 585, 410-413 (2020)

doi: 10.1038/541586-020:2293-x, pmid: 32365354

Y. Liu, O. Morgenstern, J. Kel, R. Lowe, CMMID

COVID-S Working Group, M. Ji, The impact of non-
pharmaceutical interventions on SARS-CoV-2

transmission across 130 countries and territories. medRiy
2020.08.11 2017264341 [Preprint]. 12 August 2020.
https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.08.11.20172643,

N. Banholzer et aí, Impact of nompharmaceutical interventions
on documented cases of COMIDAS. medRxiy

2020.04.16 200621413 [Preprint]. 28 April 2020.
https://doiorg/10.1101/2020.04.16 20062141.

Islam et aí, Physical distancing interventions and incidence
of coronavirus disease 2019: Natural experiment in 149
countries. BM 370, m2743 (2020), doi 10.1136/bmjm2743
pmid: 32669358

X. Chen, Z. Qiu, Scenario analysis of nom pharmaceutical
intenentions on global COVIDAS transmissions. Covid
Economis 7, 46-67 (2020),

K Soltesz et al, On the sensitivity of nompharmaceutical
intenention models for SARS-CoV-2 spread estimation,
medRxir 2020,06.10.20127324 [Preprint]. 12 June 2020,
https://doiorg/10.1101/2020.06.10.20127324.

M Sharma et al, How robust are the estimated effects of
nonpharmaceutical interventions against COVID-S?

arXiv 2007.13454 [stat AP] (27 July 2020).

C. Cheng, ) Barcelô, A. S. Hartnett, R. Kubinec,

L Messerschmidt, COVID-I9 government response

event dataset (CoronaNet v. L.0). Nat. Hum. Behav. 4,
756-768 (2020), doi: 10.1038/541562-020-0909-7

pmid: 32576982.

Oxford COVIDA9 Government Response Tracker (OxOGRT)
(2020); https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker

E Dong, H. Du, L. Gardner, An interactive web-based
dashboard to track COVIDAS in real time Lancet Infect. Dis.
20, 533-534 (2020) doi: 10.1016/51473-3099(20)30120-1:
pmid: 3208714

3.M. Brauner et aí, epidemics/COVIDNPIs: Inferring the
elfectiveness of government interventions against COVID-1S,
Zenodo (2020); hitps://doi org/10.5281/zenodo 4268449.

C. Winship, B. Western, Multicollnearity and model
misspecification. Sociol. Sci. 3, 627-649 (2016). doi: 10151957
327

EpidemicForecasting org, Mitigation calculator (2020)
http;//epidemicforecasting org/cal.

T.C. Jones etal, An anabysis of SARS/CoV:2 viral load by
patient age. medRxiy 2020.06.08.2012548441 [Preprint

9 June 2020, hitps://doiorg/10.101/ 2020.06.08. 20125484,
AG, LHuilier G, Torriani F. Pigny, L. Kaiser, 1. Eckerle,
Culture-competent SARS-Cov-2 in nasopharynx of
symptomati: neonates, chiliren, and adolescents. Emerg.
Infect. Dis. 26, 2494-2497 (2020), doi 1032017
eid2610.202403; pridt 32603290

The Independent Scientifi Advisory Group for Emergencies
(SAGE), The Independent SAGE Report 3, "When should a
school reopen? Final report” (2020); vm independentsage.
org/up-content/uploads/2020/06/Independent-Sage- Brief
Report-om-Schoo!s pdf.

Y. J Parketal, Contact tracing during coronavirus disease
outbreak, South Korea, 2020. Emerg Infect Dis. 26, 2465-2468
(2020). doi 10.3201/eid2610 201315; prid: 32673193

NS. Mehta et al, SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) What do ve know
about children? A systematic review. Clin. Infect. Dis. 71,
2469-2479 (2020), doi: 10.1093/cid/ciaas56;

pmid: 32392337

P. Zimmermann, N. Curti, Coronavirus infections in children
including COVIDAS: An oveniew of the epidemiokogy, clinical
features, diagnosis, treatment and prevention options in
children, Pediatr Infect. Dis. 1 39, 355-368 (2020)

doi: 10.1097/INF.0000000000002660: prid: 32310621
Office for National Statistics, Coronavirus (COVID-19) Infection
Survey, UK: 6 November 2020 (2020); wr.ons gouuk/
peoplepopulationandcommunity/healthandsocialcare/
conditionsanddiseases/buletins/.
coronaviruscovidlSinfectionsurveypilot/Gnovember2020.

A. Alta, Y. Moreno, Age differential analysis of COVID-19
second wave in Europe reveals highest incidence amongst
young adults. medRxh 2020111120230177 [Preprint]

18 November 2020. htps/doi org/101101/2020.111 20230177.
M Levinson, M. Cevik M. Lipitch, Reopening primary schools
during the pandemic. N. Engl 1. Med 383, 981-985 (2020).
doi: 10.1056/NEJMms2024920; pd: 32726550.

mofs

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
RESEARCH | RESEARCH ARTICLE

 

26. J CouzinFrankel, G Vogel, MWeiland, School openings across
globe suggest vays to keep coronavirus at bay, despite
cutbreaks. Science 10.1126/science abd7107 (2020).
doi: 10.1126/science.abd7107

27. A, Fontanet et al, Cluster of COVID-19 in northem Franoe:

A retrospective closed cohort study. medRxiv
2020.04.18.20071134 [Preprint]. 23 April 2020. https://doi
org/10.1101/202004.18.20071134.

28, C, Stein-Zami et al, A large COVID-19 outbreak in a high
school 10 days after schools" reopening. Israel, May 2020. Euro
Suneil. 25, 2001352 (2020), doi: 10.2807/1560:7917.
ES.20202529.2001352: pmid: 32720636

29, K. Sun et al, Transmission heterogeneites, kinetis, and
controlabilty of SARS-Cov-2. Science 101126/science.
abe2424 (2020), doi: 101126/science abe2424;
pmid: 33234698

30. University and College Union, COVIDAS case dashboard
(2020); wrmucu org uk/covid-dashboard

31. T. Colboum et al, Modeling the health and economic impacts
of population-vide testing, contact tracing and isoltion (PTTI)
strategies for COVID-19 inthe UK. SSRN 10.2139/5s1m 3627273
(2020). doi: 10.2139/5rn 3627273

32. K. Prem et al, The effect of control strategies to reduce social
mixing on outcomes of the COVID-19 epidemic in Wuhan,
China: A modeling study. Lancet Public Health 5, e261-e270
(2020) doi: 10.1016/52468:2667(20)30073-6;
pmid: 32220655

33. P.G. T. Walker et al, The impact of COVID-IS and strategies
for mitigation and suppression in low: and middleincome
countries. Science 369, 413-422 (2020), doi: 10.1126/science.
abcO035; pmid: 32532802,

34. N.G, Davies etal, Effects of non-pharmaceutical interventions
on COVIDAS cases, desths, and demand for hospital services
in the UK: A modeling study. Lancet Public Health 5
e375-e385 (2020). doi 101016/52468-2667(20)30133-%;
pmid: 32502389

35. X.Hao et al, Reconstruction of the ful transmission dynamics
of COVID-19 in Wuhan. Mature 584, 420-424 (2020),
doi: 10.1038/541586-020-2554:8; pd: 32674112

36. N. W Ruktanonchai et al, Assessing the impact of coordinated
COVIDA exit strategies across Europe. Science 369,
1465-1470 (2020), doi: 101126/science abc5096;
pmid: 32680881

37. The countries were sekectedfor the availabilty of reliable NPI data
at the time uhen ve started data colection and modeling
(April 2020) and for their presence in at least one of the public
datasets that we used to cross alidate our colected data, We
excluded countries uith fewer than 100 cases (cr 10 deaths) by
31 March, as our model neglects new cases and deaths below
thesethresholds, Wealso excluded a small number of countries if
there vere credible media reports casting doubt on the
trustuorthiness of their reporting of cases and deaths. Final, ve
excluded very large countries suchas China, the United States,
and Canada for ease of data colction, as these would require
more localh ine-grained data. Of the 41 included countries,
3Sarein Europe. As a resul. the NPI effectiveness estimates may

Brauner et al., Science 371, eabd9:

 

38 (2021)

 

be biased tovard effects in Europe, and NPI effectiveness may
have been diferent in other parts of the world

38. The virdow of analysis extended until 2 days after the first
reopening for confirmed cases and LO days ater the first reopening
for deaths, These durations comespond to the 5% quanties of the
infectionto-case confirmation and infecton-to-death distrbu
tions, ensuring that <5% of the new infections on the recpening
day or later were obsenved in the vindow df anabsis.

39. We evaluated the foloing datasets: the Oxford COVIDAS
Government Response Tracker (OXOGRT), the Epidemic
Forecasting Global NPI Database, and the ACAPS COMD-19
Government Measures Dataset Note thatthese datasetsare under
contimous development. Many of the mistakes found vil already
have been corrected. We know from our oun experience that data
colection can be very chalengirg. We have the fulkest respect
for the individuals behind these dataset. Inthis paper ve focuson
amore limited set of courtries and NI than these datasets
contain, loving us to ersure higher data quality inthis subset.
Given our experience with public detasets and our data colectin,
ve encourage fellow COVID-19 researchers to independent verify
the quality of public data they use, iffeasibl.

40, EpidemicForecasting org, Epidemic forecasting global NPI
database (2020; http://epidemicforecasting org/ dataset.

41, T, Hale, S. Webster, A, Petherick, T. Philips, B. Kira, Oxford

COVID-S Government Response Tracker, Blavatrik School of

Government (2020). vunw bsg.oxac uk/research/research

projects/coronavirus-government-response-tracker.

S. Abbott et al, Estimating the time-varying reproduction

number of SARS-CoV-2 using national and subnational case

counts. Wellcome Open Res. 5, 112 (2020). doi 10.12688/

vislcomeopenres.16006.2.

43. S Yaday, P. K. Yadau, Basic reproduction rate and case fatality
rate of COVIDAS: Application of meta-analysis. medRxiy
2020.05.13.20100750v1 [Preprint]. 16 May 2020. https://doi
org/10.1101/202005.13.20100750.

44. ) Walinga, M. Lipsiteh, How generation intenvals shape the
relationship between grouth rates and reproductive numbers.
Proc. Biol Sei. 274, 599-604 (2007). doi 1010987
tspb.2006 3754: pd: 17476782

45. ES, Foníria et al, Essential epidemiological parameters of
COVID-19 for clinical and mathematical modeling purposes: A
rapid review and meta-analysis. medRsiv
2020.06.17.20133587V1 [Preprnt]. 19 June 2020.
https://doiorg/10.1101/2020.06 1720133587.

46. MD. Hoffman, A. Gelman, The No-U-Tum Sample: Adaptively
setting path lengths in Hamitonian Monte Carlo. J. Mach.
leam Res. 15, 1593-1623 (2014)

4

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
We thank 1. Lagerros for operational support and for introducing
some of the authors to each other. We thank M. Balatsko,

M Pukaj and T. Witzany for developing the interactive website We
thank T. Groemer. G. Krônke, and M. Herrmann for advice and
mentorship. Funding; JMB. vas supported by the EPSRC Centre
for Doctoral Training in Autonomous Inteligent Machines and
Systems (EP/5024050/1) and by Cancer Research UK. SM's
funding for graduate studies was from Oxford University and

19 February 2021

 

Deephind. MS. vas supported by the EPSRC Centre for Doctoral
Training in Autonomous Inteligent Machines and Systems
(EP/5024050/1). G.L. vas supported by the UKRI Centre for
Doctoral Training in Interactive Artificial Inteligence (EP/5022937/
1). V.M. contributed in his personal time vtile employed at
Deephind. LC, acknowkedges funding from the MRC Centre for
Global Infectious Disease Analysis (MR/ROLS600/1),jointiy
funded by the UK. Medical Research Council (MRC) and the
UK. Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO),
under the MRC/FCDO Concordat agreement is part of the
EDCTP2 program supported by the European Union; and
acknowledges funding by Community Jameel. Y.W.T. is also

a principal research scientist at DeepMind. The paid contractor
vork helping vith the data collection, the development of the
interactive website, and the costs for cloud computing were
funded by the Berkeley Existential Risk Initiative. Author
contributions: 0.1, JMB, JK, GA, AJN, JTM, GL, and
VM. designed and conducted the NPI data collection. SM

MS, JMB. ABS, HG, YWT. Y6, JK, TG, 18. VM
MAH, and LC. designed the model and modeling experiments
MS, ABS, T.6, and 1. performed and analyzed the modeling
experiments. MB, SM. MS. JK. and T.G, conceived of
the research SM, MS. JMB, LC, JK, and TB. did the
literature search. JMB, SM, M.S. GL, LC. T.B, and VM.
vrote the manuscript. A authors read and gave feedback on
the manuscript and approved the final manuscript. JM B.

SM, and MS, contributed equally. LC, Y.6. and JK.
contributed equally to senior authorship. Competing interests:
No conflcts of interests. LC, has acted as a paid consultant to
Pfizer and the Foundation for Innovative New Diagnostics,
outside of the submitted work. Y.G. has received a research
grant (studentship) from GlaxoSmithkine, outside of the
submitted work. JK. has advised several governmental and
nongovernmental entities about interventions against COVID-19.
Data and materials availability: AI data and code are available
in the paper or publicly online at (14). This mork is licensed
under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Intemational (CC BY
4.0) license, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and
reproduction in any medium, provided the original mork is
property cited. To view a copy of this license, visit https://,
creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/. This license does not
apply to figures/photos/artwork or other content included in
the article that is credited to a third party: obtain authorization
from the rights holder before using such materia

SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIALS
science sciencemag org/content/371/6531/eabd9338/suppl/DCI
Supplementary Text

Figs. SL to 524

Tables SL to S8

References (47-79)

MDAR Reproducibility Checklist

21 July 2020; resubmitted 25 September 2020
Accepted 8 December 2020

Published oniine 15 December 2020
101126/science.abdg338

Sofs

LZ02Z '22 eunp uo (Bio Bewsousios eousios/ yu UI] pPepeojumoa
Sclence

Inferring the effectiveness of government interventions against COVID-19

Jan M. Brauner, Sôren Mindermann, Mrinank Sharma, David Johnston, John Salvatier, Tomás Gavenciak, Anna B.
Stephenson, Gavin Leech, George Altman, Vladimir Mikulik, Alexander John Norman, Joshua Teperowski Monrad, Tamay
Besiroglu, Hong Ge, Meghan A. Hartwick, Yee Whye Ten, Leonid Chindelevitch, Yarin Gal and Jan Kulveit

Science 371 (6531), eabd9338.
DOI: 10.1126/science.abd93380riginally published online December 15, 2020

How to hold down transmission

Early in 2020, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) transmission was curbed in many
countries by imposing combinations of nonpkarmaceutical interventions. Sufficient data on transmission have now
accumulated to discern the effectiveness of individual interventions. Brauner et al amassed and curated data from 41
countries as input to a model to identify the individual nonpharmaceutical interventions that were the most effective at
curtailing transmission during the early pandemic. Limiting gatherings to fewer than 10 people, closing high-exposure
businesses, and closing schools and Universities were each more effective than stay-at-home orders, which were of
modest effect in slowing transmission.

Science, this issue p. eabd9338

“g9UB1os/[ JU UI] PEpeojuMoa

 

ARTICLE TOOLS http://science.sciencemag.org/content/371/6531/cabds338
SUPPLEMENTARY http://science.sciencemag.org/content/suppl/2020/12/1 S/science.abd9338.DC1
RELATED

CONTENT http://stm.sciencemag.org/content/scitransmed/12/568/eabe0948.full

   
 

1202 'Z2 eunr uo (Bio Beugousi

http://stm.sciencemag.org/content/scitransmed/12/573/eabe2555.full

http://stm.sciencemag.org/content/scitransmed/12/549/eabb9401.full
REFERENCES This article cites 57 articles, 11 of which you can access for free

http://science.sciencemag.org/content'371/6531/eabd9338HBIBL
PERMISSIONS

http:/Amwnw.sciencemag.org/help/reprints-and-permissions

Use of this article is subject to the Terms of Service

 

Science (print ISSN 0036-8075; online ISSN 1095-9203) is published by the American Association for the Advancement of
Science, 1200 New York Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20005. The title Science is a registered trademark of AMAS.

Copyright O 2020 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licenses American Association for the Advancement of
Science. No claim to original U.S. Government Works
Article

 

Estimating the effects ofnon-pharmaceutical
interventions on COVID-19 in Europe

 

https://doi.org/10.1038/541586-020-2405-7

Received: 30 March 2020
Accepted: 22 May 2020
Published online: 8 June 2020
M) Checkfor updates

Seth Flaxman'”, Swapnil Mishra?”, Axel Gandy'”, H. Juliette T. Unwin?, Thomas A. Mellan?,
Helen Coupland?, Charles Whittaker”, Harrison Zhu”, Tresnia Berah', Jeffrey W. Eaton?,
Mélodie Monod, Imperial College COVID-19 Response Team”, Azra G. Ghan?,

Christ! A. Donnelly?º, Steven Riley, Michaela A. C. Vollmer”, Neil M. Ferguson?, Lucy G. Okell?
& Samir Bhat??=

 

Following the detection of thenew coronavirus! severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus 2(SARS-CoV-2) andits spread outside of China, Europe has experienced
largeepidemics of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). In response, many European
countries haveimplemented non-pharmaceutical interventions, such as the closure
ofschools and national lockdowns. Here we study the effect ofmajor interventions
across 1l European countries for the period from the start of the COVID-19 epidemics
in February 2020 until 4 May 2020, when lockdowns started tobelifted. Our model
calculates backwards from observed deaths to estimate transmission that occurred
several weeks previously, allowing for the time lag between infection and death. We
use partial pooling ofinformation between countries, with both individual and shared
effects on the time-varying reproduction number (R,). Pooling allows for more
information to be used, helps to overcome idiosyncrasies in the data and enables
more-timely estimates. Our model relies on fixed estimates of some epidemiological
parameters (such as the infection fatality rate), does notinclude importation or
subnational variation and assumes that changes in Rare an immediate response to
interventions rather than gradual changesin behaviour. Amidst the ongoing
pandemic, we rely on death data that are incomplete, show systematic biasesin
reporting and aresubjectto future consolidation. We estimate that-—for allofthe
countries we consider here—current interventions have been sufficienttodriveR,
below (probability R-<1.0 is greater than 99%) and achieve control of the epidemic.
We estimate that across all 11 countries combined, between 12 and 15 million
individuals were infected with SARS-CoV-2 up to 4 May 2020, representing between
3.2%and 4.0%of the population. Our results show thatmajor non-pharmaceutical
interventions-and lockdowns in particular—have had a large effect on reducing
transmission. Continued intervention should be considered to keep transmission of
SARS-CoV-2 under control.

 

 

Following the identification of the new coronavirus SARS-CoV-2in
Wuhan (China) in December 2019 andits global spread, large epidemics
of COVID-19 have ensuedin Europe. In responseto the rising numbersof
cases and deaths andto preserve health systems, European countries—
as with those in Asia—have implemented measures to control their
epidemics. These large-scale non-pharmaceutical interventions vary
between countries, but include social distancing(suchas banning large
gatherings), border closures, school closures, measuresto isolate symp-
luals and their contacts, and large-scale lockdowns of
populations with all but essential internaltravel banned. Understanding
whether theseinterventions have had the desired effectofcontrolling

 

 

trol,iscritical given their large economic and social costs. The key aim
ofthese interventions is to reduce R, a fundamental epidemiological
quantity that representsthe average number of infections generated at
timetby each infected case over the course oftheir infection.
InChina, strict movement restrictions and other measures (includ-
ing case isolation and quarantine) beganto beintroduced from 23
January 2020, which achieved a downward trend in the number of
confirmed new cases during February and resulted in zero new con-
firmed indigenous cases in Wuhan by 19 March 2020. Studies have
estimated how the values of R, changed during this timein different

 

"Department of Mathematics, Imperial College London, London, UK. ?MRC Centre for Global Infectious Disease Analysis, Jameel Institute for Disease and Emergency Analytics, Imperial College
London, London, UK. “Departmentof Statistics, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. "These authors contributed equally: Seth Flaxman, Swapnil Mishra, Axel Gandy, Samir Bhatt. A listofmembers.

enditheiraffiliations appears at the end of the paper. =e-mail: s.bhattOimperialac uk

Nature | Vol 584 | 13 August 2020 | 257
 

Article

 

areas of China, from around 2-4 during the uncontrolled epidemic
to below (refs.!?).

Estimating R, for SARS-CoV-2 presents challenges, owingtothehigh
proportion ofinfections that are not detected by health systems!2*
andto theregular changesin testing p: s, which resulted in differ-
ent proportions of infections being detected over time and between
countries. Initially, most countries had the capacity to testonly asmall
proportion of suspected cases and reservedtests for severely ill patients
orfor high-riskgroups (for example, the contacts of positively tested
in uals).

Analternative way to estimate the course of the epidemic is to cal-
culate backwards from observed deaths to the number ofinfections.
Weintroduce a Bayesianmechanistic modellinking theinfection cycle
to observed deaths, inferring the total population infected (attack
rates) aswell as R,. We assess whether there is evidence thatinterven-
tions have so far been successful at reducing R, to values below 1. We
simulatea hypothetical counterfactual scenarioin whichR, remains at
starting levels to estimate the deaths that would have occurred without
interventions.

Reported deaths are likely to be far more reliable than case data—
althoughreported death datastillhave limitations. First, early deaths
attributable to COVID-19 may have been missed. Second, there is
variationin the reporting of deaths by country and over time. Third,
reporting delays are expected and canbe both systematic and random
innature. We attempt to overcome these data limitations by using a
consolidated data source, incorporating noise in our observational
model, partially pooling of information between countries and per-
forming a sensitivity analysis under scenarios ofunderreporting to
testour conclusions (Supplementary Information).

Our model relieson fixed estimates of some epidemiological param-
eters, suchas the onset-to-death distribution, theinfection fatality rate
andthegeneration distribution, that arebased on previous work; we
perform a sensitivity analysis on these parameters. Our parametric
form ofR, assumes that changesinR, are ai te response to
interventions rather than gradual changes ur, andit does
notinclude importation or subnational variation. We assume that
im ual interventions have a similar effect in different countries,
and that the efficacy of these interventions remains constant over
time. Our framework infers R, from mortality data, while accounting
for time lags since infections occurred. Asa result, even with perfect
data and partial pooling, we cannot perfectly predictthe current value
of R,. However, the credibleintervals on R, show the self-consistent
behaviour that is a hallmark of a fully Bayesian analysis throughout
theentire period we study, exhi gappropriate shrinkage asmore
databecome available (Supplementary Videos1-3).

Italy was the first European country to begin major
non-pharmaceutical interventions, and other countries followed soon
afterwards (Extended DataFig. 4).The onset ofinterventions ranged
between 2 March and 29 March 2020. We analysed data on mortality
from COVID-19in 11 European countries until 4 May 2020, at which
point lockdowns were relaxed in Italy and Spain. For each country, we
model the number of infections, the number of deaths andR, (Fig. 1).
R.ismodelled as a piecewise constant function that changes only when
aninterventionoccurs. Each country hasits ownindividual starting R,
before interventions took place. For all countries, interventions are
assumed to have the same relative effect on R, and are informed by
mortality data across all countries. The only exception is that we use
partial pooling to introduce country-specific effects of the effective-
ness ofthe lastinter ventionintroducedinthe study periodina country
(which is usually lockdown).

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

 

 

Estimated infections, R and effect sizes

Inallcountries, we estimate there are orders-of-magnitude fewerinfec-
tionsdetected (Fig. 1, Extended Data Figs.1, 2) thantrue infections, most

258 | Nature | Vol584 | 13 August 2020

likely owing to mild and asymptomatic infections as well as limited
testing capacities and changes in testing policy. In Italy, our results
suggestthat- cumulatively-2.8 (2.2-3.5) million people (all parentheti-
cal ranges refer to 95% credible intervals) have been infected as of 4
May2020, which sanattack rate of 4.6% (3.6-5.8%) of the popula-
tion (Table 1). In Spain (which hasalso experienced a large number of
deaths), we estimate that 5.5% of the population (2.6 (2.1-3.3) million
people) have beeninfectedto date. Germany, the most populouscoun-
try in our study, is estimated to have one of'the lowest attack rates at
0.85% with 710,000 (550,000-930,000) peopleinfected. Belgium has
the highest estimated attack rates of 8%, followed by Spain with 5.5%.
Although there have been few reliable national serological studies”,
initial small-scale sur veysin Austriaº and Denmark? closely align with
our estimates. Amuch larger study inSp: very closely aligned with
our estimates". To some extent, these initial results validate our choice
ofinfection fatality rate.

Averaged acrossall countries, we estimate theinitial R, to be 3.8 (2.4-
5.6), consistent with previous analyses!” These estimates are informed
byourchoiceofgeneration-interval di utionand the initial growth
rate of observed deaths. A shorter assumed generation time resultsin
lower starting R, (Supplementary Discussion 3). The initial valuesof Rare
also uncertain, owingto (a) importation (rather than local transmission)
being the dominant source of new infectionsin the early period of the
epidemic and (b) possible under-ascertainmentin deaths, particularly
before testing became widespread. We perform sensitivity analyses
around these parameters (Supplementary Discussions 10,11).

We estimate large reductions in R, in response to the combined
non-pharmaceutical interventions. Our results—which are driven
more by countries with advanced epidemics and larger numbers of
deaths-suggest that these interventions have together had a substan-
tial effect on transmission, as measured by changes in the estimated
R,. At the time of this study, we find current estimates of R, to range
froma posterior mean of 0.44 (0.26-0.61) for Norway toa posterior
mean of 0.82 (0.73-0.93) for Belgium, with an average of 0.66 across
thellcountries—an 82% reduction compared to the pre-intervention
values. For all countries, we find that current interventions havebeen
sufficientto drive R, below 1 (probability R, < 1.0 is greater than 99%
acrossall countries we consider) and achieve control of the epidemic.
Theseconclusionsarecorroborated by studies from individual coun-
tries—France?, Spain2, Germany!*and the UK“ —over asimilar period,
which arrive at very similar estimates despite different methodologies
and data. For example, a previous study"? estimates an R, of 0.67 for
France using hospitalization records (we estimate 0.68); for Germany,
the Robert Koch Institute reports R, of 0.76 using electronically not
fied cases! (we estimate 0.71). The retrospective stability of ourmodel
(Supplementary Videos 1-3) is variable when the implementations of
interventions are very dissimilar; an example of tl seeninSweden,
where interventions were dissimilar to other countries and led initially
to large uncertainty. Our model uncertainty is also dependent on the
magnitude ofR,; thisoccurs because infectionsare a nonlinear function
of R, and are sensitive to small increases. Uncertainty shrinks greatly
whenR, is reduced. Examples ofthiseffect are seenin all countries, but
it is most pronounced in Belgium and France; these countries show
large uncertainties in the number of infections in the early period of
the epidemic. Our choice of parameterizing R usingpiecewise constant
functions meansthat we cannot capture the fine-scale variation that
could be achieved by using additional covariates.

Lockdown has an identifiable large effect on transmission (81%
(75-87%) reduction) (Fig. 2). The close spacing ofinterventionsin
time (Extended Data Fig. 4) means that the
other interventions are not identifiable (Fig. 2). Our partial pooling
model requires only one country to provide a signal for the effect of
agiven intervention, and this effect is then shared across all coun-
tries. Although this sharing can potentially lead to initial over-or
under-estimation of the effect of an intervention, italso meansthat a

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

    

  

 

   

 

 

 
 

o Complete lockdown = Public events banned < School closure

 

 

 

“ Selfisolation

 

 

v Social distancing Ds% [195%

 

   

 

 

 

 

France 2,000
oco
5
o q 1,500
ê 200,000 g 4
8
E E 1,000 3
5 3” -
Ê E -
É 100,000 E
> E 50
É no:
DD —
o o A o º
E é ES $
Ra Px O é, E É És
300,00 q cio
4 é
g 2
É 200,00 ã 3
É 5
5
E é E
E 100,000 >
5 &
8
o! l A
Ps Es 9 é É +
RD Ra DAP
Spain
vas
6 õ
750
o 30,000 2
5 ã
$ ê 4
É 200,00 5 Soo
8 É €
£ ê
E 5 2
É 100,00 a
8
o o!
E Ee Es sé pé
“
400,000
a o SO
5 &
é 00,000 $
5 5 00
5
& 200000 Ê
£ ê
ê 5 20
& 100,00 8
E
8
o! o! o
PEC AS 4 Sé dé gg df s
CEE CNC a O É e

Fig. Country-levelestimatesofinfections, deathsandR,for France, Italy,
Spain andthe UK. Left, daily number of infections. Brown bars arereported
infections; blue bands are predicted infections; dark blue, S0%credible
interval; light blue 95%credible interval. The number of daily infections
estimated by our model drops immediately after an intervention, as we assume
thatallinfected people become immediately less infectious through the

 

  

intervention. Afterwards, ifR.isabove 1, the number of infections wilistart
growing again. Middle, daily number of deaths. Brownbarsare reported
deaths; blue bands are predicted deaths; credible intervals are asin the left
plot. Right, R, Darkgreen, 50%credibleinterval; light green, 95% credible
interval, Iconsare interventions, shown at the time atwhich they occurred.

Nature | Vol 584 | 13 August 2020 | 259
 

Article

 

Table1 | Total population infected by country

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Country Percentageoftotal population infected (mean (95% credible
interval))
Austria 0:76% (0.59-0.98%)
Belgium 8% (Gan)
Denmark 1,0% (0.81-1.4%)
France 3,4% (2:7-4.396)
Germany 0.85% (0.66-1.1%)
Italy 46% (26-5.8%)
Norway 0.46% (0.34-0.618%)
Spain 5.59% (4.4-7.0%)
Sweden 3.7%(2.8-51%)
Switzerland 19%(1.5-2.4%)

 

UK 51% (4.0-6.5%)

Posterior model estimates of the attack rate by country (percentage of total population
infected) as of 4 May 2020. Results are derived from a model representing 1 countries with
atotal population of 375 million and 128,928 reported COVID-S related deaths up to 4 May
2020.

 

 

consistent signal for all countries canbe estimated before that signal
ispresentindatafromani dual country'é. Therefore, this sharing
is potentially useful for generating early warnings, by leveraging what
happenedin countries with earlier epidemics to inform countries with
more-recent epidemics.

 

    

Estimated effect ofinterventions on deaths

Extended Data Table Ishows total deaths forecast fromthebeginning
ofthe epidemic up to and including 4 May 2020 under our fitted model
and under the counterfactual model, which predicts whatwouldhave
happened ifno interventions were implemented (and R, = Ro; that is,
thei IR, estimated before interventions came into effect).

By comparing the deaths predicted under the model with no inter-
ventionsto the deaths predictedin ourintervention model, we calcu-
lated the total deaths avertedin ourstudy period. We find that across
Ncountries 3.1(2.8-3.5) million deaths have been averted owing to
interventionssince the beginning of the epidemic; Extended Data Fig.5
compares the actual total deaths to the counterfactual total deaths. The
counterfactual model without interventions is illustrative only, and
reflectsthe assumptions of our model. We do not account for changes
inbehaviour; in reality, even in the absence of government interven-
tions we would expect R,to decrease and therefore would overestimate
deaths in the no-intervention model. Conversely, we do not consider the
effectontheinfection fatality rate as a result ofan overwhelmed health
systemin which patientsmay notbe able to accesscritical care facilities,
which would underestimate the number of counterfactual deaths. In
the Supplementary Information, weshow further counterfactual esti-
mates under differing assumptions of the generation distributionand
onset-to-death distribution andallscenarios broadly show the same
trends. Given this agreement across differing scenarios, we believe
ates for the counterfactual deaths averted to be plau:

 

 

 

 

   

Discussion
During the ongoingtransmission of SARS-CoV-2in Europe, we analyse
trendsinthenumbers of deathsto assess the extent to which transmission
hasbeen reduced. Representing theinfection process associated with
COVID-19 usinga semi-mechanistic, joint Bayesian hierarchical model, we
canreproducetrends observedinthe data relatingto deaths and produce
empirically driven predictionsthat arevalidover shorttimehorizons.
We estimate that there have been many more infections than are
currently reported. The high level ofunder-ascertainmentofinfections

260 | Nature | Vol 584 | 13 August 2020

+ Fifstintervention 4 Laterintervention

Lockdown
Public events

School closure | +

Selfisolation

Governmental Intervention

Soclaldistancing | +——

encouraged | -+——
o 25 so 75 100

No effect on transmissibillty Ends transmisstbilty

Reletive reduction In R, (9%)

Fig.2|EffectivenessofinterventionsonR,. Ourmodelincludes five
covariates for governmental interventions, adjusting for whether the
intervention was the first one undertaken by the governmentin response to
COVIDA (red) orwas subsequentto other interventions (green). Mean relative
percentage reductionin R,is shown with 95% posterior credibleintervals. If
100% reduction isachieved, R,= O and there isnomoretransmissionof
COVIDAS. Lockdown issignificantly differentfrom the other interventions; the
other interventions arenot significantly different from eachother, probably
owingto the fact thatmany interventions occurred on the same day or within
daysofeachother (asshownin Extended DataFig. 4). Resultsare derived froma
model that represents 11 countries witha total population of375 millionand
128,928 reported COVID-19-related deaths up to 4 May 2020.

 

that we estimate hereis probably duetothe focus ontestinginhospital
settings, which misses milder or asymptomatic cases in the commu-
nity. Despite this, we estimate that only a relatively small minority of
individuals in each country have beeninfected (Table 1). Our estimates
imply that the populationsin Europe are not close to herd immunity
(about 70%if Ro is 3.8)”. Furthermore, with values of R, below 1 in all
countries, the rate ofacqi on ofherd immunity willslow down rap-
idly. Our estimates for attack rates during our study period are consist-
ent with those reported from national serological studies”. Similarly,
comparable studies estimating R,allagree that the number as of4May
2020islessthan1.

To our knowledge, our modelling approachis unique in poolinginfor-
mation from multiple countries at once. Using this approach means
that we require a central consolidated data source (such as data from
theEuropean Centre of Disease Control (ECDC)), and also that trends
insome countries will be affected by those countries with more data.
Weargue that this effect isbenel , in that it helps to mi
osyncrasiesinthe data!” aswellas toimprove consistency of estimates
overtime. Although our qualitative conclusions surrounding the effect
ofinterventions and the findingthat R,is lessthan 1 are robust to our
choice of whether toincorporate poolingor not, the abilitytousea
greater extent of available data andshareinformationacross countries
in a statistically principled manner markedly improves the consist-
ency ofmodel predictions across the study period (Supplementary
Videos1-3).

Most interventions were implemented in rapid succession in many
countries, and as such difficult to disentangle the individual
effect sizes of each intervention. In our analysis, we find that only the
effect of lockdown is identifiable, and that it has a substantial effect
(81% (75-87%) reductionin R). Taki Ito account country-spe:
effects, the effect size of lockdown remains large across all countries
(Supplementary Fig. 29).

We acknowledge the
ing to COVID-19-in particular, deaths outside hospitals may be
underreported. However, by using the ECDC data, we rely on a
comprehensive data source that is refined and updated each day
in a systematic process. Our sen: ity analysis of underreporting
and statistical-measurement noise suggests that we may slightly

 

 

       

   

     

 

   

 

 

 
 

underestimate the attack rates in some countries, but this does not
change our overall conclusions pert: ig to R,. However, evenif
the data were complete, our method cannot surmount the time lag
between infections and deaths and can only fully identify trends in
infections 2-3 weeks earlier. Extensions of our model could usecase,
hospitalization or intensive care data, but reconciling the different
biases inherent in these sources while ensuring parsimony is chal-
lenging and would require additional assumptions.

The modern understanding of infectious disease, combined with
aglobal publicized response, has meant that nationwideinterven-
tions couldbe implemented with widespread adherence andsupport.
Given the observed infection fatality ratios and the ey logy of
COVID-19, major non-pharmaceutical interventions have had an effect
in reducing transmission in all of the countries we have considered.
Inall countries in this study, we find that these interventions have
reduced R, below, and have contained their epidemics at the cur-
renttime. When looking at simplistic counterfactual models over the
whole epidemic, thenumber of potential deaths avertedis substantial.
We cannot say for certain that the currentmeasures continueto
control the epidemic in Europe; however, if current trends continue
there is reason for optimism.

 

   

 

   

      

    

 

 

Online content

Any methods, additional references, Nature Research reporting sum-
maries, source data, extended data, supplementary information,
acknowledgements, peer review information; details of author con-
tributions and competing interests; and statements of data and code
availability are available athttps://doi.org/10.1038/541586-020-2405-7.

 

 

1 15 R.etal Substentialundocumented infection facilitates the rapid dissemination of
novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). Science 368, 489-493 (2020).

2. Zheng 1.etal. Patternsof human social contactand contact with animals in Shanghai,
China. Sci. Rep. 9, 15141 (2019).

8. Zheo, A. Letal. Antibody responses to SARS-CoV-2 in patients of novel coronavirus.
disease 2019. Clin. Infect. Dis. ciaa344 https:/ldoiorg/10:1093/eid/eisa344 (2020).

4. Jombart, T.etal. Inferringthe number of COVIDAS cases from recently reported deaths.
Wellcome Open Research 5, 78 (2020).

5 Verity R.etal Estimates ofthe severity of coronavirus disease 2019: a model-based
analysis. Lancet 20, 669-677 (2020).

6. Bi Q.etal Epidemiology and transmission of COVIDAS in 391 cases end 1286 of their
close contactsin Shenzhen, China: a retrospective cohort study. Lancet Infeot.
Dis. https;/Jdoi.org/101016/51473-3099(20)30287-5 (2020).

7 Bobrovitz N.etal. Lessons froma rapid systematic review of early SARS-Cov-2
serosurveys. Preprint at medRxiv https:/ldoiorg/101101/2020.0510.20097451
(2020).

8. Statistics Austria. COVID-S Prevalence Study: Maximum 015% of Austrian Population
Infected with SARS-CoV2 (Statistics Austria, 2020).

9. Erikstup,C. et al. Estimation of SARS-CoV.2 infection fatality rate by real-time antibody
screening of blood donors. Clin. nfect. Dis. ciaa849 https://doi.org/10:1098/eid/oisagas
(2020).

10. Pollán, M.etal. Prevalenos of SARS-CoV-2 in Spein (ENE-COVID): a nationwide,
population-based seroepidemiological study. Lencerhttps:jfdoi org/101016/S0140-
6736(20)31483-5 (2020).

1. Zhang 1.etal. Age profile of susceptibility mixing, and social distancing shape the.
dynamics of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 outbreak in China. Preprint at medRxiv
https;doi org/101101/2020.03.19.20039107 (2020).

12. Sale, H.etal. Estimating the burden of SARS-CoV-2 in France. Science 369, 208-21

(2020).

18. Hyafil, A. & Motina, D. Analysis of the impact of lockdown on the reproductionnumber
ofthe SARS-Cov-2 in Spain. Gac. Sanit. https://doiorg/10016/] gaceta.2020.05.003
(2020).

14. Robert Koch Institute. Coronsvirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Daily Situation Reportof the
Robert Koch Institute (Robert Koch Institute, 2020).

15. Davies N.G, Kucharski, A. 1, Eggo, R.M. Gimma, A. & Edmunds, W. 1. The effect of
non-pharmaceutical interventions on COVID-S cases, deaths and demand for hospital
services in the UK: a modelling study. Lancet 5, E375-E385 (2020).

18. Gelman, A. & Hil 1. Data Analysis using Regression and Muttilevel/Hierarchical Models
(Cambridge Univ. Press, 2006).

17. Miley, 1.C. Anote onthe derivation of epidemio final sizes. Bull. Math. Biol. 74, 2125-2141
(2012).

Publishers note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in
published maps and institutional affiliations.

(O The Authors) under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited 2020

 

Imperial College COVID-19 Response Team

PabloN. Perez-Guzman”, Nora Schmit, Lucia Cillonf, Kylie E.C. Ainslie?, Marc Baguelin”,
Adhiratha Boonyasiri, Olivia Boyd”, Lorenzo Cattarino?, Laura V. Cooper,
Zulma Cucunubé?, Gina Cuomo-Dannenburg?, Amy Dighe*, Bimandra Djaafa
aria Dorigattê, Sabine L. van Elsland?, Richard G. FitzJohn”, Katy A. M. Gaythorpe?,

Lily Geidelberg”, Nicholas. Grassly?, William D. Greer”, Timothy Hallett”, Arran Hamlet,
Wes Hinsley?, Ben Jeffrey?, Edward Knock, Daniel J. Laydorê, Gemma Nedjati-Gilani,
Pierre Nouvellet?”, Kris V. Paragf, Igor Siveroni?, Hayley A. Thompson”, Robert Verity?,
Erik Volz”, Caroline E. Walters”, HaoweiWang', Yuanrong Wang? Oliver J. Watsonfs,
Peter Winskill?,Xiaoyue Xi" & Patrick. T. Walker?

  

“NIHR Health Protection Research Unit in Healthcare Associated Infections and Antimicrobial
Resistance, Imperial College London, London, UK. “School of Life Sciences, University of
Sussex, Brighton, UK. “Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology, Brown University,
Providence, RI USA.

Nature | Vol 584 | 13 August 2020 | 261
 

Article

 

Methods

Data

Our model uses daily consolidated death data from the ECDC for
M European countries currently experiencing the COVID-19 epidemi:
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Spain,
Sweden, Switzerland and the UK. The ECDC provides information on
confirmed cases and deaths attributableto COVID-19. For population
counts, we use the United Nations Population Division age-stratified
counts".

We also catalogue data on the nature and type of major
non-pharmaceutical interventions. We looked atthe government web-
pages from each country as well as their official public health webpages
toidentify the latestadvice or lawsbeing issuedby the governmentand
public health authorities. We collected the following: school closure
ordered; case-based measures; public events banned; social distanc-
ing encouraged; lockdown decreed; and the time of the first and last
intervention. A full list of the timing of these interventions and the
sources we have used is providedin the Supplementary Notes, Sup-
plementary Table 2.

By using the ECDC data, we rely on a consolidated data source
compiled by the ECDC, who include many sources of data each day,
constantly refining and updating data using a comprehensive and
systematic process. However, despite the rigorous protocols, countries
may vary in the specifics ofthe data that they report to the ECDC. For
example, thereisvariationin reporting (thatis, community versus hos-
pital) and time lags. Despite these issues, we use ECDC datato ensure
asmuch consistency as possible across all countries.

 

 

 

Model
Avisual summary of our model is presented in Extended Data Fig.3;
details are provided in the Supplementary Methods.

We fit our model to observed deaths according to ECDC data from
4 European countries. The modelled deaths are informed by an
infection-to-death distribution (Supplementary Fig. 1; derived from
assumptions about thetime from infectionto the onset of symptoms
and about the time from the onset of symptoms to death), and the
population-averaged infection fatality ratio (adjusted for the age struc-
ture and contact patterns of each country, as discussed inthe Supple-
mentary Methods, Supplementary Table 3).

Giventhese distributions and ratios, modelled deaths are a function
ofthe number ofinfections. The number of infections is modelled as
theproductof R-witha discrete convolution ofthe previousinfections.
Ini ual components of this convolution sum are weighted by the
generation time distribution (the average time fromthe infection of
one person to the time at which they infect another; Supplementary
Fig.2). In our work, we approximate the generation time di ution
usingthe serial interval distribution. R,is a function oftheinitialR,
beforeinterventions and the effect sizes from interventions, in which
interventions are modelled as piecewise constant functions.

Following the Bayesian hierarchy from bottomto top gives usa full
frameworkto see how interventions affect infections, which can result
in deaths. A schematic of our modelisshownin Extended Data Fig. 3.To
to observe the effect ofinterventions on deaths,
we fit our model jointly for all 11 European countries, and use partial
pooling ofinformation between countries with both individual and
shared effects on R.. Partial pooling operates on thelastintervention,
whichis—in most cases—lockdown. The effect of partial pooling can
be seenin Supplementary Discussion 12, Supplementary Fig. 29. We
chose a balanced prior that encodesthe prior belief that interventions
havean equalchance ofhavingan effect or not, and ensure au:
prior onthe joint effect of allinterventions (Supplementary
We evaluate the effect of our Bayesian prior distribution choices and
evaluate our Bayesian posterior calibration to ensure our results are
statistically robust.

    

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

 

We perform extensive model validation and sensitivity analyses. We
validate our model by cross-validation over a 14-day period (Supple-
mentary Discussion 1, Supplementary Table 1) and weshow the fits for
holdoutsamplesinSupplementary Figs.5-15. We check the convergence
ofthe Markov chain Monte Carlo sampler (Supplementary Fig. 4). We
consider the sensitivity of our estimates ofR, tothe mean ofthe genera-
tion distribution (Supplementary Discussion 3, Supplementary Figs.16,
17). We further showthat the choice of generation distribution doesnot
changeour counterfactual conclusions (Supplementary Fig. 18). Using
univariate analyses and uninformative priors, we find (Supplementary
Fig. 19) thatall effectson their own serve to decrease R,(Supplementary
Discussion 4). We compare our model to a non-parametric Gaussian
Process model (Supplementary Discussion 5). To assess the effect of
individual countries on the results, we performa “leave one country
out" sensitivity analysis (Supplementary Discussion 6, Supplementary
Figs. 20,21). To validate our starting valuesofR,, we compare our model
against an exponential-growth linear model (Supplementary Discus-
sion 7, Supplementary Fig. 22). Instead of a joint analysis, we consider
fits of ourmodelto lual countries (Supplementary Discussion8,
Supplementary Figs. 23-26). We perform a sensitivity analysis with
respectto theonset-to-deathdistribution (Supplementary Discussion 9,
Supplementary Fig. 27). We validate our probabilistic seeding scheme
throughanimportance-sampling leave-one-outcross-validation (Sup-
plementary Discussion 10). We consider a model extensionwitha con-
stant, probabilistic under-reporting (Supplementary Discussion 11),
findingthat R does not changesubstantially (Supplementary Fig. 28).

Our model is different to other approaches (such asEpiEstim"”) that
usethe discrete renewal equation. We use the renewal equation as a
latent process to model infections and propose a generative mecha-
nismto connect these infections to death data. Simply applying the
renewal equation directly to death data requires positinga mechanism
in which deaths in the past can cause future deaths (see, for example,
ref.29).In addition, for R, weareabletousea functional relationshipin
whichnon-pharmaceutical interventions can havea direct effectonR,.

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Reporting summary
Further information on research design is available in the Nature
Research Reporting Summary linked to this paper.

 

Data availability

Death counts for the 11 European countries for the time periodin our
study and the full set of posterior draws from our model are available
at https://reshare.ukdataservice.ac.uk/854380/.

 

Code availability

All source code and data necessary for the replication of our results
and figures are available at https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLon-
don/covidi9model. An R package based on our method is available at
https://imperialcollegelondon github io/epidemia/.

18. United Nations, Departmentof Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division. Wortdl
Population Prospects 2019: Data Booklet, ST/ESA/SER.A/424. (United Nations, 2019).

19. Coti, A, Ferguson, N.M, Fraser, C. & Cauchemez, S. A new framework and software to
estimate time-varying reproduction numbers during epidemics. Am. 1 Epidemiol. 178,
1505-1512(2019).

20. Goldstein, E. et al. Reconstrueting influenza incidence by deconvolution of daily
mortality time series. Proc. Netl Acad. Sci. USA 106, 21825-21829 (2009).

AcknowledgementsS.8. acknowledges the NIHR BRC Imperial College NHS Trust Infection
end COVID themes, the Academy of Medical Sciences Springboard award end the Billand
Melinda Gates Foundation. L.C.O. acknowledges funding from a UK Royal Society fellowship.
Initial research oncovariates in Supplementary Table 2 was crowdsourced; wethanka number
of people across the world for help with this. This work was supported by Centre funding from
the UK Medical Research Council under a concordat with the UK Department for International
Development, the NIHR Health Protection Research Unit in Modelling Methodology and
Community JameeL. We thank F. Valka for creating our website, and A. Gelman and the Stan
 

team for helpful discussions. We acknowledge the resources provided by Cirrus UK National
Tier-2 HPC Service at EPCC (http:/fwwnw.cirrus.ac.uk) funded by the University of Edinburgh
and EPSRC(EP/P020267/1), and cloud com putetime donated by Microsoft and Amazon.

Author contributions 51 ;M. end AG. conceived and designed the study. SB, S.E,
SM, AG, HG, HJTU, TAM, MACY, IWE. and NM. performed analysis. LG.O, S.B, SF,
AG, ACG, CAD, SR. end NM.F. wrote the fist draft of the paper. 5.8, S.F, H.C, CM, PM,
TB, PNG, NS, L. Cilloni, MACY. end HC. collected data. All authors discussed the results
end contributed to the revision of the final manuscript.

 

Competing interests The authors declare no competing interests.

Additional information
Supplementary information is available or this paper at https://doiorg/101038/541586-020-
24057.

Correspondence and requests for materials should be addressedto 8.

Peerreview information Noture thanks David Earn end the other, anonymous, reviewer(s) for
their contribution to the peer review of this work. Peer reviswer reports are available.
Reprints and permissions information is available at http://wwnw.nature.com/reprints.
 

Article

 

 

   

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Belgium
enson
imertentons
2 a é Gomptciador
5 envoo- z 2 Pubiesvente named
Ê Í o Sewicouo
É É à certa
É amo í q seiudeirem
Ê &
Ê é E ses
aoson Bos
CE Ss e
EEE ES
Germany
angoo
tmecontons
E co E à rineesmtema
É voo i » Sestidegrem
ê Ê
& 20,000
o
Sweden
anos imertornons
g g & Gore scr
: Í eee
Ê 5 Self salutar
E como i ot ca
ç Ê & Sesdenro
É É
É qo Ê
e E
EEE E
Svizarand
ang0o tmenendons
e : à Conpltencer
É isoo Ê à Seneicumo
É ê soros
5 É » Seonaarom
É too é
ê Es
s.o00
º et é é &
PR
Extended DataFig. 1 |Country-levelestimates ofinfections, deathsand immediately less infectiousthrough the intervention. Afterwards, if R,isabove
R.for Belgium, Germany, Swedenand Switzerland. Left, daily numberof 1, thenumberof infections willstarts growingagain. Middle, dailynumberof
infections. Brown bars are reported infections; blue bands are predicted deaths. Brown bars are reported deaths; blue bands are predicted deaths;
infections; dark blue, S0%credible incerval; light blue, 95% credible interval. credibleintervals are as in the left plot. Right, R, Darkgreen, 50% credible
The number of daily infections estimated by our model drops immediately interval; light green, 95% credibleinterval. Icons are interventions, shown at

afteranintervention, as we assume thatall infected people become thetimeatwhichthey occurred.
 

 

Austria

 

 

n
aoro
& como 2»
Ê i
É 5
z É
É amo ã
Ê “a
aos
E a CESSA
Cs E
Noey n
somo
somo
ê És
E amo Ê
5 Ê
> zoes
ã
1a
O É E A é é
CÊ o CS
Denmark
ma
como
g E xo
é í
É 200
so
CE e eee:
REFERE, RERRRE

Extended DataFig.2| Country-level estimates ofinfections, deaths and

R.for Austria, Norway and Denmark. Left, daily number of infections. Brown
barsarereportedinfections; blue bandsare predicted infections; dark blue,
50% credible inter val; light blue, 95%credible interval. The number of daily
infections estimated by our mo del drops immediately after an intervention, as
“we assume that all infected people become immediately less infectious

Complete nem

 

tntervontons

 

 

 

tnterunions

 

é Etcaor

 

 

 

throughthe intervention. Afterwards, if R,isabove 1, the number of infections
willstarts growing again. Middle, daily number of deaths. Brownbarsare
reported deaths; blue bands are predicted deaths; credible intervals are asin
theleft plot. Right, R,. Dark green, 50% Cl; lightgreen, 95%CL. Iconsare
interventions, shown at the time at which they occurred.
Article

  

observed
deaths

 
  
  

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
  

 

 

     
 

   

 

  
 
  
  

 

  
 
  
 
   
   

  
 
 

 
   
      
 

 

 

population
averaged
modelled 4] infection
fatality ratio
symptoms to infection
death to symptoms
distribution distribution
ali modelled
serial interval . .
distribution infections
country
| time varyin specific
basic ving interventions
reproduction reproduction
number number
social close case
distancing schools or based
EFFECTS SHARED encouraged universities isolation
FOR
ALL COUNTRIES

onsetof
first
intervention

    
  

banning
public events

    

Extended DataFig.3] Model summary. This figure showsa summary ofthe components ofourmodel.

 
 

 

Case based
self
isolation
mandated o

a

Es
-
apa

 

Social
distancing
encouraged|

 

Public
events
banned

vos |D

 

School
closure
ordered

RA

 

 

Lockdown
ordered

 

 

o S +05 0 a &

 

9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29
MARCH 2020

= Austria
O Belgium
+» Denmark
4) France
& Germany
«Italy

4 Norway
E Spain

& Sweden
O Switzerland
d& UK

Extended DataFig.4|Timingsofinterventions. Timings ofinterventions for the 11 European countries included in our analysis. For further details, see

the Supplementary Information.
 

Article

 

 

1,000,000
o
E

S — 100,000
o
s
5
É

E 10,000
c
o
z

1,000

100

 

HE our model E counterfactual

 

Mar 01

Mar 15

Apr 01 Apri5 May 01

Extended DataFig.5| Deathsavertedowingto interventions. Lowerand upper credible interval for the cumulative number of deaths for the 11 European
countries in ourmodel with interventions (pink) and the no-interventions counter factual model (blue). Reported deaths are shown asa thick black line.
 

Extended Data Table 1 | Totalforecasted deaths

 

 

counterfactual model that assumes no interventions had taken place

ce the beginning of the epidemic up to 4 May 2020 in our modelandin a

Forecasted deaths since the beginning of the epidemic up to 4th May in our model
vs. a counterfactual model assuming no interventions had taken place

 

Country

Observed
Deaths up to
ath May

(observed)

Model estimated deaths up Model estimated deaths up

to 4th May

(our model)

to 4th May

(counterfactual model
assuming no interventions
have occurred)

Model deaths averted up to
Ath May

(difference between
counterfactual and actual)

 

Austria
Belgium
Denmark
France
Germany
ltaly
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland

United
Kingdom

600
7,924
493
25,201
6,831
29,079
208
25,613
2,769
1,476
28,734

620 [520 - 720]
7,300 [6,400 - 8,400]
500 [430 - 590]
23,000 [21,000 - 27,000]
6,800 [6,000 - 7,900]
31,000 [27,000 - 35,000]
210 [170- 250]
25,000 [22,000 - 28,000]
2,800 [2,500 - 3,300]
1,500 [1,300 - 1,800]
29,000 [25,000 - 34,000]

66,000 [40,000 - 86,000]
120,000 [93,000 - 140,000]
34,000 [17,000 - 50,000]
720,000 [590,000 - 850,000]
570,000 [370,000 - 780,000]
670,000 [540,000 - 800,000]
12,000 [3,400 - 24,000]
470,000 [390,000 - 560,000]
28,000 [15,000 - 49,000]
54,000 [36,000 - 73,000]
500,000 [400,000 - 610,000]

65,000 [40,000 - 85,000]
110,000 [86,000 — 130,000]
34,000 [17,000 - 49,000]
690,000 [570,000 - 820,000]
560,000 [370,00 - 70,000]
630,000 [510,000 - 760,000]
12,000 [3,200 - 23,000]
450,000 [360,000 — 540,000]
26,000 [12,000 - 46,000]
52,000 [34,000 - 71,000]
470,000 [370,000 — 580,000]

 

all

128,928

130,000
[120,000 - 140,000]

3,200,000
[2,900,000 - 3,600,000]

3,100,000
[2,800,000 - 3,500,000]

 

Estimated averted deaths over this time period as a result of the interventions. Numbers in brackets are 95% credible intervals.
nature research corantes rev

Last updated by author(s): May 22, 2020

Reporting Summary

 

Nature Research wishes to improve the reproducibility of the work that we publish. This form provides structure for consistency and transparency

in reporting. For further information on Nature Research policies, see our Editorial Policies and the Editorial Policy Checklist.

 

Statistics

 

For all statistical analyses, confirm that the following items are present in the figure legend, table legend, main text, or Methods section.
n/a | Confirmed

[IX] The exact sample size (n) for each experimental group/condition, given as a discrete number and unit of measurement

[| DX A statement on whether measurements were taken from distinct samples or whether the same sample was measured repeatedly

O The statistical test(s) used AND whether they are one- or two-sided
24) onty common tests should be described solely by name; describe more complex techniques in the Methods section.

[| A description ofall covariates tested
LI XI A description ofany assumptions or corrections, such as tests of normality and adjustment for multiple comparisons

a A full description of the statistical parameters including central tendency (e.g. means) or other basic estimates (e.g. regression coefficient)
&S AND variation (e.g. standard deviation) or associated estimates of uncertainty (e.g. confidence intervals)

a For null hypothesis testing, the test statistic (e.g. E, t, 1) with confidence intervals, effect sizes, degrees of freedom and Pvalue noted
A Give P values as exact values whenever suitable.

im For Bayesian analysis, information on the choice of priors and Markov chain Monte Carlo settings
[| For hierarchical and complex designs, identification of the appropriate level for tests and full reporting of outcomes

DL ] Estimates of effect sizes (e.g. Cohen's d, Pearson's 1), indicating how they were calculated

Our web collection on statistics for biologists contains articles on many of the points above.

Software and code

 

Policy information about availability of computer code

Data collection No such software was used

Data analysis RStan version 2.19.3 was used within R version 3.6.3

For manuscripts utilizing custom algorithms or software that are central to the research but not yet described in published literature, software must be made available to editors and
reviewers. We strongly encourage code deposition in a community repository (e.g. GitHub) See the Nature Research guidelines for submitting code & software for further information.

Data

Policy information about availability of data

All manuscripts must include a data availability statement. This statement should provide the following information, where applicable:
- Accession codes, unique identifiers, or web links for publicly available datasets
- Alist offigures that have associated raw data
- A description of any restrictions on data availability

Al source code and data necessary for the replication of our results is available at https://github.com/ImperialCollegeLondon/covid19model
The full set of posterior draws from our model are available at https://reshare.ukdataservice.ac.uk/854380/

 
Field-specific reporting

 

Please select the one below that is the best fit for your research. If you are not sure, read the appropriate sections before making your selection.

[XI tife sciences [ ] Behavioural & social sciences [ | Ecological, evolutionary & environmental sciences

For a reference copy of the document with all sections, see nature.com/documents/nr-reporting-summary-flat pdf

Life sciences study design

 

Allstudies must disclose on these points even when the disclosure is negative.

Sample size No samples were collected; data on the count of COVID-19-related deaths overtime in 11 European countries was used.
Data exclusions No data was excluded.

Replication n/a

Randomization n/a

Blinding n/a

Reporting for specific materials, systems and methods

 

We require information from authors about some types of materials, experimental systems and methods used in many studies. Here, indicate whether each material,
system or method listed is relevant to your study. lfyou are not sure ifa list item applies to your research, read the appropriate section before selecting a response.

Materials & experimental systems Methods

n/a | Involved in the study n/a | Involved in the study

[1] antibodies DID] ch-sea

DX|L] Eukaryotic cell lines DID] Flow cytometry

[1] Palacontology and archaeology DX|[] mei-based neuroimaging
DX|L] Animais and other organisms

DX][ 1] Human research participants

D|L] clinical data

DJ] Dual use research of concern

 

 
