Brasília, 15 de junho de 2021.

(assinado eletronicamente)
GEORGE RODRIGO BANDEIRA GALINDO
CONSULTOR JURÍDICO DO MINISTÉRIO DAS RELAÇÕES EXTERIORES

 

 

Atenção, a consulta ao processo eletrônico está disponível em hftp://sapiensagu.govbr mediante o
fornecimento do Número Único de Protocolo (NUP) 09041000282202 176 e da chave de acesso 62871eld

Notas

= No original: “The Vienna Convention on Consular Relations provided in Artide 11)
(8) that ““consular archives” includes all the papers, documents, correspondence, books, films, tapes
and registers of the consular post, together with the ciphers and codes, the canindexes and
amp articde of funitwre intended for their protection or safekcoping.
Mm practice this extensive definition has been applied by analogy to the Vienna Diplomatic Convention, on
the basis that given the wider immunities gencrally given to diplomatie missions, it would be absurd for
a narrower construction of the term “archives” to be applied to diplomatie archives than to consular archives "”

 

 

2 No original: “(1) This article reproducos unchanged the text of the corresponding provision in article 18 of the
1957 draft. As the Commission pointed out in the commentary to its 1957 draft:
"The inviolability applies to archives and documents, regardless of the prenises in which they may be. As in the
case of the pranises of the mission, the receiving State is obliged to respect the inviolabilipy itself and
to prevent its infringement by other parties."(2) It was suggested that the words "and documents" in the text of
me article should be | deleted, and that the  statment in
the commentary that the inviolabiliy applies to archives and documents, regardios of
the promise in which they may be, was too swecping. The commission cannot share this view.
The mission!s documents, even though separated from the archives, and whether belonging to the archives or
not, must, like the archives themselves,
be inviolable, irrespective of their plysical whercabous (e.g., while carried on the person of a member of
a mission). It was for that reason that this extension was provided for in the General Convention on
the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations (article HI, section 4).

2 No original: “Whatever may be involved in that concept, it is clear that article 24 is
not only concerned with duties of the receiving stato bu describes the status df
a mission archives and documents erga ommes”

 

 

4.2 No original: "Convinced that respect for the principles and rules of international law goveming diplomatio and
consular relations is a basic prerquisite for the normal conduct of relations among States and for
the fulfilment of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations”,

5.2 No original: *. Events such as the NSA seandal have been a catalyser for the international community to remind
fellow recciving States of the obligations of diplomatic law. Instigated by the Brazilian representation in New
Tork, the Sixth (Legal) Committee prepared a report that led to the UNGA Resolution 69/121 referrad to above. In
the Resolution, the General Assembly states it is 'concerned at the failure to respect the inviolability of diplomatio:
and consular missions and representatives” and, for that reason, reealls the principles of the secreçy of diplomatie
arehives and documents.”

 

Documento assinado eletronicamente por GEORGE RODRIGO BANDEIRA GALINDO, de acordo com os normativos
legais aplicáveis. A conferência da autenticidade do documento está disponível com o código 656851974 no endereço
eletrônico http://sapiensagu.gov.br. Informações adicionais: Signatário (a): GEORGE RODRIGO BANDEIRA
GALINDO. Data e Hora: 15-06-2021 17:31. Número de Série: 5909594645345 151247. Emissor: AC SOLUTI Multipla.

 

 

 

formulado, abstraídos os aspectos técnicos, de conveniência e oportunidade, que escapam às competências desta
Consultoria Jurídica.

    
